insult
NA
They have emotional imbalances that they need to learn to control.
"they feel very hurt and are unable to let go of the pain in order to let go of the grudge
"
They cannot - for whatever reason - express their anger immediately or let it go as an alternative.
"People hold grudges because humans are sensitive and egos are easy to wound. People tend to be prideful and stubborn and that leads to holding grudges. It is far easier to place blame solely on the shoulders of the person who isn't you but many issues are two sided and can be seen from several perspectives. However, grudges are held understandably when someone intentionally commits a crime/act to deliberately cause irreversible harm."
Someone else hurt them.
Because we can't let go of the pain we felt by someone's actions.
"I think people typically hold grudges after being betrayed, or experiencing some perceived betrayal, when the other person doesn't apologize or refuses to see how their actions could have hurt the other person."
Because they are upset with something someone did.
Because they are hurt
"Generally it is when a person feels wronged by another, and they are unwilling to either forgive or accept the wrongdoing and move on. Often grudges are held unintentionally"
"People may typically hold grudges against other people that did them wrong in the past. For example, a boss that fired them from their job."
People typically hold grudges when another person does something that they do not like or are fond of.
People who are wounded hold grudges when they cannot forgive.
I think people hold grudges because they are hurt and want to project that hurt on to others.
when someone has done something bad to another person
To make the person who wronged them feel consequences for their actions.
When someone slights them or does them wrong on purpose or does something on accident and doesn't live up to their mistake.
when someone says that you are a rude or horrible person
They cannot forgive what the other person did to them
"I can only speak from my experience, but when someone has hurt me or someone I care about  emotionally or physically and refused to acknowledge the pain they caused I hold a grudge. When my pain or a loved one's pain is not validated by the person who caused it."
"Usually they feel wronged, and whatever they are holding a grudge for likely continues to affect them in some way."
People typically hold grudges when a perceived wrong is taken against them.
something that affected the person negatively. an example would be such as their feelings got hurt or betrayed.
"The hold grudges because they feel like they need to get the last word in, so to speak. They feel things should be balanced. They were done wrong and won't let go until things are equalized. They fear the other person ""won."""
"People typically hold grudges over betrayal and over disrespectful offenses to one's person. Ultimately, holding a grudge stems from a feeling of having your self-worth belittled."
A great offense occurred with some sort of personal injury.
Because they have been wronged in a way that they cannot forgive
They felt that they were unfairly treated or betrayed.
I think it's cause they aren't ready to forgive/move on. I think maybe some people want to keep those emotions so they remember what happened
"anger, betrayal,"
If someone wronged me in a significant way or a way that affects my life in a negative way.
When they are wronged at a very clear and personal level by another person and this is usually on purpose from that person.
egotism
because they want to be petty
"Wrongdoings, experiencing traumatic experiences, or money related events."
Premeditated and direct / indirect harm to me or my loved ones
They will remember the hurt and they don't want to be hurt by that person again.
"They feel the action that inspired the grudge reflected a false image of themselves to others.  For example, if I believe I am very good at taking care of my home, and someone steals a fork from me at a dinner party, I might hold a grudge against that person.  But if I don't feel my identity is tied to my ability to protect my cutlery, I might just let it go.  Or I might feel that I am someone who doesn't have friends that would steal from them, but this friend has shattered that belief, so it's difficult for me to let it go."
People hold grudges because they are hurt. I think it stems from complex and unresolved emotions.
When someone does them wrong.
They feel wrong repeatedly.
"For the reason that people expects something, but that something is not met or fulfilled that can lead to disappointment."
If someone does something to wrong you
"When they feel betrayed, or in some cases, humiliated."
"Typically, I think it's because someone wronged them with their actions."
"Jeolousy caused by ""losing""."
"For the memory of the damage, for the reprehensible acts, pride, fear. People don't let go of negative feelings so easily"
People typically hold grudges when they feel like they've been wronged and there's no acknowledgement or restitution from the source of the hurt.
because forgiving someone is hard
People hold grudges because they feel they have been wronged by someone or something.
"Typically a grudge is held when someone is slighted, and decides to hold onto the feeling rather than get rid of it."
"I believe that people typically hold grudges because they are still hurt by something that happened in the past. Perhaps they haven't had closure on the topic, and are still feeling all the emotions of the past situation."
"People usually hold grudges because of petty things such as money, jealousy, romantic partners."
"Feeling hurt,betrayed, or wronged in some way"
Because they feel hurt or betrayed and they don't want to feel that way again
When someone does something deliberately to hurt me.
To prove a point that the person feels hurt.
"If someone feels they were particularly wronged, or a wrong has not been corrected, they may hold a grudge. Or if someone feels that they can no longer view the offender in the same way, or trust them anymore, they may hold a grudge."
Personal reasons
"they feel their pride affected by certain situations, they feel they have been demoted"
People typically hold grudges because of internalized hurt or pain towards a slight or offense they feel has been perpetrated unto them.
I think people hold grudges because they don't feel like the incident that fostered the grudge has been resolved. They didn't get to talk it out or have closure with the person or the event.
If they've been inconvenienced in any significant way
feeling hurt over things that have happened in the past
"When someone repeatedly steps over the line of trust and something terrible happens as a consequence that causes financial burden, physical/mental suffering or both."
People typically hold a grudge against someone they think has wronged them in some way.
I typically don't.  I can't think of any grudges I have or have had.  I don't often put myself out there enough to create a situation where a grudge would arise.
Disagreements over minor things
When they are not grateful with their own life
"Pride, resentment, jealousy, feeling wronged, feeling like they got an unfair hand."
The feel like the other person has wronged them significantly enough that they need to remember it so they aren't hurt again.
"If people feel that the other person took something from them. Time, money, etc."
People hold grudges because they can't move on from a painful experience and forgive the perceived wrongdoer.
Because there mad
Something negative may have impacted them by another party or individual.
They feel wronged by that person and feel they do not deserve to be forgiven
People typically hold grudges to protect themselves from harm.
Any reason at all these days
Someone cheated on them. Someone hurt their feelings. Etc.
They have an anger that they are unwilling to let go of and it consumes their every thought until it gets to the point where they let it go.
People hold grudges for a wrong done against them.
I think people typically hold grudges when they've been let down or upset by another person and aren't able to get over that disappointment or don't feel as though the situation has been resolved in a fair manor.
People hold grudges when they feel they have been wronged or inconvenienced by someone else.
when someone has wronged them.
Because they haven't healed from trauma that has taken place in a relationship they thought was maybe different than it was.
I think people hold grudges when they feel as though they have been wronged by another person and they don't feel like the relationship can go back to normal.
People typically hold grudges because they or someone they love has been hurt by another person.
People hold grudges when they are angry or blame someone for something that happened to them
Whenever someone gets mad at something when could have been the other way
Because of inner hatred.
they feel wronged in such a way and their emotions are out of control
People usually hold a grudge when they have been wronged in some type of way by another person and might feel that the other person now owes them something
When they feel like someone has wronged them but it is for the best if they remain in touch.
"Because they could be expecting something from someone and it hasn't been fulfilled. For example, you might feel that someone has wronged you in some way and you would expect an apology, but never receive it."
When they feel betrayed by someone.
Because they are not able to move forward from the pain and only thing that makes them feel better is to hold on to the hurt that someone else caused them and perhaps they feel that's the only way to make the other person suffer
People typically hold grudges for wrongdoing.
People generally hold grudges in retaliation to some type of wrongdoing.
Because they can't let go of something that's happened to them.
angry things didn't go their way
someone doesnt do something they said they would do
For being offended to a deeper level
I believe people typically hold grudges because they feel they have been particularly harmed emotionally/mentally/or physically by another party with no repercussions to the aggressor.
People typically hold grudges because they find it hard to overcome the hurt feelings they have when someone did something to harm them.
"People hold grudges typically as an emotional response to being slighted or taken advantage of etc. I don't think there is a purely logical reason, but there certainly is an emotional reason as to why people hold grudges"
for wrongs against them or someone/something they care about
"people do not want to blame themselves or someone close to them and want to see the justice of a hand for a hand because they feel like they have been wronged by others who did not help them in any way, shape, or form."
the main reason is anger
"When others backstab their friends, talk about them behind their backs, or are just straight up mean while not apologizing for their wrongdoings."
People generally hold grudges because someone they know caused them a serious personal wrong.
They feel like their pride has been damaged too much to forgive the person.
"Hurt feelings, real or imagined."
when they feel like they have been wronged. if someone lies to them. if they have been excluded from an event or gathering.
They have been wronged and they are not ready to move on.
When they are hurt by another and want to prove a point to them or just show them how they have affected them with their actions.
"Grudges are usually held because the person cannot get over what someone else did. Their actions had crossed some sort of line, and grudges serve as reminders about what that person did. It is almost like a reminder to themselves. Having specific grudges against someone may also help justify their dislike of that person in their head."
Probably to get revenge
When people feel that they have been wronged and inadequate reparations have been made to address that wrong
They hold grudges when they think they were wronged
when they get offended from someone or someone did something really bad to them
People usually hold grudges because they were hurt and can't find resolution or peace.
They feel like if they don't they are letting the negative actions slide
Because they are stubborn and don't want to give in.
BECAUS SOMEBODY HURT THEM AND DID NOT MAKE IT RIGHT
"When someone does something that affects you negatively, you tend a hold a grudge against them"
When someone has wronged another person.
Something bad has happened to them
I think people hold grudges when they feel wronged and like the issue wasn't addressed properly.  Like if they weren't apologized to or don't feel like the situation was adequately dealt with.
"Because they have a hard time letting things go and they were potentially very hurt, but holding a grudge does more harm than good"
"Unwillingness to let go, feelings of hurt, jealousy, etc"
"I think this happens when two people do not communicate well enough to completely solve a problem, or if the person holding the grudge does not voice their concern at all. This may also happen when a person shows no remorse or doesn't apologize for their actions that hurt the person holding a grudge."
If the person was treated unfairly or had a bad childhood
"When they are exceptionally upset by actions that can be attributed to a single individual and they feel the desire to remain upset with the person, either with the intention of ""getting even"" with them or to make the person aware they are upset with them."
They feel like they were treated in a way that was unfair
because they are upset
I think people typically hold grudges because they are stuck in the past. Often times people think others are to blame for their failures but in reality the grudges they hold are preventing them from moving on.
They feel betrayed
People hold grudges because they think that they deserve something for having been treated poorly in the past.
Sometimes it's jealousy and others it's just the person and there is no real reason.
"I feel people hold grudges due to emotional pain, harm, pride, or embarrassment."
because they've been hurt and have yet to heal
A particular wrongdoing done to someone that relates to another event that can be emotionally stressful for an individual
if someone did something very wrong to someone.
when someone has wronged them in a way that is unforgivable to them
People usually hold grudges for things that other people haven't apologized for
"I’m not an expert, but I suspect there’s an evolutionary incentive to prevent an individual from once again trusting those who have previously harmed him or her."
If they've been mistreated in the past by someone or something and don't want to let go of those emotions.
If people feel they were extremely wronged by the other party.
"Personal reasons, the other person/event affected them negatively and they feel that it was unfair. They want revenge or to get even"
"self righteousness, stubbornness, sense of personal justice"
When people feelings is hurt
Because they want to stay mad at someone who upset them once.
"Because they feel like they were wronged
"
People usually hold grudges because they lack the grace it takes to forgive someone or they refuse to acknowledge how they could have done something wrong.
"People usually hold grudges because they are unable to accept any responsibility, so they continue to blame others"
"people not keeping promises, people lying, breakups"
Their personal pride has been injured by something that someone else has done and it reminds them that they are not powerful so that nagging reminder keeps a negative feeling present.
They felt personally injured by someone who showed no remorse or regret for the actions that caused the injury.
People hold grudges because something upsetting or injust was done to them in the past
I think people typically hold grudges when they feel very hurt and also vulnerable enough that forgiveness seems like a weakness.
When they feel slighted
When they have a certain amount of ego
Because someone did them wrong or treated them poorly
If someone treats me without respect or badly and doesnt own up to it.
If they feel they have been wronged by an individual. They might feel that they have been betrayed by someone.
perceived wrongs
I think it is because of some harm that they think someone might have done to them and they have a sense of justice and a necessity for retribution.
When they feel betrayed by someone.
"Jealousy, revenge, pettiness, hurt feelings, betrayals of trust,"
They are too immature to understand their own feelings and have been taught that treating people poorly is cathartic.
When someone has wronged them
When they have been hurt emotionally or physically by someone
When they are betrayed by someone close to them.
Because they had their feelings hurt or pride hurt and that is hard to let go of
Out of jealousy
I guess cause some people might have an expectation of someone and that person doesn't hold of their end.
"Normally if another has wronged them, but I define holding a grudge to be if it is for a petty reason. The other person has apologized and it wasn't a major issue and the person holding a grudge is being a bitter. If the person has a good reason to be upset still, I don't consider it a 'grudge.'"
"Depending on situations, people hold grudges when they feel like they have not been treated well by family/friends. Not living upto expectations of what one has of another can also lead to holding grudges."
Typically because they keep reliving the conversation or event that made them upset and are not able to get over it.
Pettiness.  Most people hold grudges because they feel the person is not sorry or has not been made to pay for the wrong doing
"I think people typically hold grudges over things that they feel they did not get closure on--they did not get a formal apology, they were unable to overcome their frustration in their own mind"
People hold grudges because they have been hurt by someone. They mask their hurt with anger. They usually don't communicate well with whoever they are holding the grudge about.
When someone does or says something that is unforgivable.
There are probably many reasons but I think typically grudges are held when people feel as though they have been wronged and justice has not been done.
When they feel they have been emotionally wronged by someone.
Typically I think people hold grudges when they or someone they love has been severely harmed/wronged.
when they have been wronged
Their inflated ego.
They have been transgressed upon.
People typically hold a grudge because someone wronged them and they cannot get justice or revenge to alleviate that grudge.
When someone wrongs them. Like when someone goes around telling anybody who will listen that you lied about knowing that your name would be dropped in a song that degrades you.
"People typically hold grudges against people that have wronged them in some way.  The wrong doing is either large enough to warrant a grudge, or some people are just not capable of forgiving/forgetting."
people typically hold grudges because they can't apologise for doing something that made a second person not like what one did.
they feel wronged.
"people hold grudges because they feel they may be entitled to certain aspects or feelings from other people. if those are not returned, grudges emerge as a result."
i don't know
when they don't get what they want
They feel wronged and feel that their trust has been broken.
someone has done them wrong
for being wronged.
I think people usually hold grudges when they feel like theyve been wronged and the person either hasn't apologized or there was no justice in the situation.
When I feel like I can't trust someone anymore.
"People who feel hurt or betrayed hold grudges, if they're feelings don't feel validated by the ""trespasser."""
There mad at someone and its hard to forgive.
Somebody has wronged them in some manner
When people get really hurt or disappointed in a big way.
"I think people usually hold grudges against people because they have been wronged by them. For example if person A benefits something at the expense of person B, person A may hold a grudge against B. It may also be because a person doesn't have a forgiving personality."
"In my opinion, people hold grudges as they have experienced a large betrayal that they are not emotionally equipped to handle or forgive."
"The person may have been greatly offended or harmed in their own pride by another, and for that reason a grudge may arise in many cases that is irreconcilable."
They're angry about circumstances and are unable to forgive.
People hold grudges when someone does something the other person believes is unjust.
I think people typically hold grudges because they lack the emotional maturity and coping skills to let go of the past.
People typically hold grudges when someone has done something to cause the loss of something.
Another has intentionally wronged (or has perceived to have wronged) them or their family.
because they feel hurt by something and don't have the coping skills to address the issue of resolution
People typically hold grudges when someone close to them betrays or hurts them.
Stubborness
"I think that people have this idea that they can hold a grudge against a person and therefore have some kind of power over them. The fact is that those who hold grudges are under the power of the grudge and of their own anger, fear, etc."
I a person purposely did something to harm me or my family.
to get revenge
People often get stuck in the cycle of holding grudges because they expect something from someone and that expectation hasn't been fulfilled.
"Divorce, job promotions, financial reasons, favoritism, neglect from a friend,  family member"
"If they feel like someone or something was unfair to them, treated them bad, or some other reason like jealousy."
"I think people typically hold grudges because of the hurt that they feel. They feel like the person who hurt them may hurt them again, or will continue the behavior they feel as wrong."
emotions
Can't get over the pain
"They had expectations of someone that weren't met, and they have received what they feel is appropriate acknowledgement and apology (and perhaps reparations) from the other person or entity. They feel hurt and disappointed, and wronged. They feel that they deserve or are entitled to something in return for these feelings, and that they cannot give personal forgiveness until these things are attended to in their own minds."
They believe that something of someone has done something unfairly to them.  They want to get some revenge or payback for a past wrong.
"When an act comes to a conclusion that does not satisfy the person, they wish to correct it so they try to think of ways to change the outcome so that it fits what they want it to be"
"If they feel they have been mistreated like being hurt, offended, betrayed... (etc.)"
Egregious personal offenses or obvious repeated offenses to others
When they they felt belittled or insulted.
"People typically hold grudges when situations are unresolved. When they feel that an injustice has been done and no one has acknowledged it or validated their feelings, it is very difficult for them to move on from it. It's hard to be content when you feel as though no one cares about you and the world is an unfair place."
They think the person did them wrong and doesnt care
I would only hold a grudge if I truly felt like someone intentionally crossed a moral line.
Because they get hurt so badly it's hard to let it go. When they feel like someone else has done something that is unforgiveable.
"When they don't get there way, for some reason. Which is narcissistic and inappropriate. They could also hold grudges for reason on which they deserve to do so."
For slights they feel were done to them or to those they have close personal relationships with.
typically its out of anger and frustration from being slighted in the past.
"different people have different reasons 
"
"Paranoia, pettiness, and wanting to punish the other person."
When someone does something bad to them or behaves not as they wish.
When they feel like the person who caused the wrong doesn't acknowledge the wrong they did.
"When someone has wronged i in some way, anger is a natural reaction. If what happened is especially painful  or if the person who hurt we is unwilling to take responsibility we are may start to form a grudge against that person."
"I would hold a grudge, if as mentioned before, the person intentionally caused me harm. If this person continued to do this action knowing full well that it would emotionally damage me and then went through with it anyway. If the intent is malicious or completely disregards my feelings, I would definitely hold a grudge."
"If someone does them wrong, lied ,stole. Someone takes someone's boy/girlfriend. Made something up about them,stole money"
"When they feel cheated, backstabbed or done the worst to"
I have only ever held a grudge against people who have harmed children close to me or children in retrospect. I will always hold grudges against horrible people like this.
Other people causing emotional damage to a relationship
When their feelings are intensely hurt or their livelihood is endangered.
I believe they hold grudges because their feelings have been hurt or are embarrassed or ashamed of something not haaving their own way.
If they feel wronged against
People typically hold grudges to make noticeable they're angry
"People hold grudges when they were hurt by someone's actions, typically because they expected something more positive and closer to what they wanted/expected. Often is caused because they felt their trust was broken."
People typically hold grudges for people that have wronged them in anyway. It's a good coping mechanism to be able to throw some of your negative emotions off onto a target. In this case it's the person you hold your grudge against.
I am not one to hold grudges unless the person does me or my family harm. For example i will never forgive and always hold a grudge against the man that killed my sister and got away with it.
"People hold grudges because they're hurt. Something hs been done to them but a specific person, and they're disgusted by them and the anguish they caused them. So much so, that they essentially cut them out of their lives."
because they feel they have been wronged
because they thing the other person harmed them on purpose
at the moment when someone cheated / lied to us or did something negative for us.
"over disputes or arguments, and not resolving them"
"People hold grudges because they have been wronged by someone, and the offense the person committed was unforgivable and an apology from the person would not make things better."
"I imagine that people feel wounded or betrayed and holding on to a grudge may feel like an appropriate punishment/reaction to the offense. The alternative, to simply let go and forgive, may not feel sufficient because it perhaps could be seen as the person allowing themselves to be taken advantage of or not holding the other person accountable for their actions."
When people feel theyve been wronged
typically cuz they feel like being insulted
People often get stuck in the cycle of holding grudges.
So they can have a sweet revenge! Or simply because they want to learn how to overcome grudges through faith and other personal improvement.
I think people typically hold grudges when they perceive they have been irrevocably wronged. They let their anger fester over something small and it grows to the point that even the original situation is distorted in their memories. Sometimes it is miscommunication that causes it. Other times it is something so long forgotten that no one remembers what caused it to begin with. A real grudge can be held if a person where physically or emotionally scarred by an event.
"People hold grudges because they can't get over the way they were made to feel in a previous encounter. They may or may not have trouble forgiving but, even if they do forgive, they may still hold the grudge as a safety mechanism to prevent future ""pain""."
They can't let go of the past and have a lack of closure and understanding over what happened.
You hold a grudge if you feel wronged.
"money reasons, embarrasments, feelings, family problems, theft"
they may in a situation that is not the right place to release their angry.
They feel that they are continually wronged by a person.
People hold grudges when they're jealous of someone or what that person accomplishes.
When they felt cheated or abuse
For some perceived wrong done to them by another person or group that has not resulted in an apology or amends made.
A betrayal or an infidelity
because they had one expectation going into something and something was changed that caused that not to be what actually happened.
When I get hurt emotionally or physically
When they think they are right
When they feel someone has done them wrong.
"People tend to hold grudges when they feel they are wronged, but from experience this is usually from their perspective and they have not considered all of the details or sides of the situation. It also depends on the severity of the damage caused. If the damage incurred is great, then it's easier to hold onto a grudge."
Because there is a situation that overcomes
they have history
"Many people  hold grudges deep ones that  can last  a lifetime.Why do we hold  grudges  when they are in fact quite  painful to  maintain and often  seem to  work ...
"
They are the victim of circumstance.
"Some are just jealous.
Some are just holding grudges because of what they heard about the fellow"
I think people hold often  grudges because they are jealous of others and want to bring them down to their level.
People typically hold grudges over mean things others have said or their actions like betraying their trust.
"Yes they do. However, in most situations they don't settle up in full. For example even when 2 or more people who hold grudges settle up in physical, they still end up having internal feeling and do not forget about such grudge."
For being done wrong
People hold grudges for as many reasons as there are people.  My grandfather didn't speak to his own brother for many years until he died over a canasta game.  People decide someone did them wrong and there ya go - a grudge.  They don't stop to think about what part they themselves played in this little drama.  It's always the other guy's fault.  People like to be victims and they like to stay victims.
if they are lied to taken advantage of  physically and or emtionally hurt really bad
They get mad at the outcome of something or typically hold jealousy over someone.
when they expect  something from someone and that expectation hasn't been fulfilled
People typically hold grudges when that person has done something to them to make them angry or resentful.
"Because they feel another individual, group, or entity has harmed them in some way, especially emotionally or mentally, but even physically."
Someone is too stubborn to admit they were in the wrong or are too stubborn to communicate and talk about the problem.
"When someone has wronged me in some way, anger is a natural reaction"
"When people expect something from someone and that expectation hasn't been fulfilled,"
When I fell   that someone has wronged with me in some way.
they feel wronged by the other person and they think it is a situation that has no real resolution
When they feel wronged by someone else.
Someone failed to meet their expectations continuously and communication surrounding the issue has shut down.
I hold grudges against people who wrong myself or others with no remorse or intent to change themselves.
for money or their feelings getting hurt
When they feel like they got treated unfairly or got caught committing an action they shouldn't of have.
Any reason. It's hard to make a blanket statement. Some people are more easily offended than others and some people have more tolerance than others. Typically you would hold a grudge on someone who has severely wronged you in some way and shows no willingness to change.
"They have been hurt, possibly repeatedly, by a person. This hurt could stem from a breach of trust, constant fighting, embarrassment, etc."
when people have reasons to hold them such as being hurt before and wanting to avoid it from that person again
Because they are unable to accept any other outcome than the one they wanted.
The anger is invigorating.
to get even
If they felt they or their lives were negatively impacted by another person's actions and there were not proper apologies or actions made to rectify the situation.
They are hurt by something someone said or did.
"I believe people hold grudges because in there mind, they don't weren't happy with the overall overcome of they way something ended"
Personal betrayal
It can’t be easily forgiven and they are hurt mentally or physically.
"Because the person holding the grudge thinks the other party ""ruined their life"" or did something so bad they just can't forgive/forget."
"Being wronged, often romantically."
when they need to remember why they should hold back trust toward someone
Because they were hurt and it will take time to heal from it so it's kind of like a residual hurt
If they’re not ready to forgive someone
"it's a way of dealing with negative emotions that aren't resolved, and offers protection against future hurt?"
When they can't forgive and forget. When they don't allow time to heal their wounds. When they don't want to heal.
"Maybe because of entitlement or pride. I think people might hold a grudge because they feel disrespected or as if they shouldn't ever go through things in life. When other people do these things to them, they may harbor ill feelings towards the said other."
They're jealous or they feel the need to be even
"Having been slighted by the other individual, anything from something relatively minor to a deeply traumatizing experience. It affected the grudge-holding person on a very profound and personal level."
When they are very upset about something that didn't go their way and they feel they were not appropriately apologized to or someone didn't make up enough with them to correct what was done wrong.
Because someone does something perceived as hurtful or wrong to that person
"When the other person betrays their trust, lies to them, or harms them in any way."
Typically people hold grudges against people or situations when they have been hurt or disrespected significantly by them.
Any and every reason.
If they feel like the person deserves it.
People hold grudges because they can't forgive the person who has wronged them.
People hold grudges if they were emotionally hurt by someone.
For the sake of hurt
Yes
They are holding onto the past and still upset about whatever happened.
They feel like they have been wronged.
When they feel like they have been wronged by a person or a group and can't get over it.
Because of something bad that is done by someone and can not forgive what happened
When they have been purposely wronged by someone.
They are upset and want to project their feelings onto others.
very many
"When someone is hurt in some way, they hold grudges."
They are upset at something someone has done that effected them.
Usually for things that have harmed them emotionally.
Because someone did something to them that upset them or hurt them in some way and they are holding a grudge until they get even or forever.
I think people usually hold grudges when someone has offended or hurt them.
When they feel like they have been wronged and that it has not been corrected.
Spite
They have felt that they were hurt or let down by someone and that the other person intentionally and carelessly caused these feelings.
they cannot let go
When they feel wronged or betrayed and want retribution
People feel entitled and want revenge when their pride is hurt.
People may hold grudges as a form of self-defense and protection from further wrongs by a person.
"They can't forgive or forget the action another person took. They remain angry, upset, or hurt."
Anger basically.
When someone did something that really hurt them
People typically hold grudges when someone has betrayed their trust in some type of way.
When people feel anger towards others for something they did
"The most irrational reasons, for reasons that stem from our emotions."
"Severe breaches of moral expectations, without any attempt to redress the grievance."
People hold grudges because they can't get past the hurt someone has caused them.
People may hold a grudge if they feel a conflict is unresolved or someone owes them something.
People typically hold grudges when they feel they have been wronged.
When they are hurt or wronged by others.
Normally people tend to hold grudges when they are betrayed or lied to by their significant other or by close friends or family members.
"Usually people hold grudges because of what someone did. If someone did something that is unacceptable to another person, then they will hold a grudge."
Because they are upset and don't know how to process their feelings properly
They have chosen not to forgive someone for a perceived wrong done against them or someone close to them.
"People usually hold grudges when they are angry, and/or too stubborn to let things go."
to satisfy their want to put blame on someone or something.
because someone did a wrong doing
"Usually, they were treated poorly in a situation that could have been handled differently."
"To get back against someone, or because they feel that they have been cheated by someone."
"for reasons of drama, probably. there's a lot of grudges and spite out there that people like to hold on to because thye have nothing better to do with their lives"
"When they are wronged, when they're hurt"
Because they feel betrayed and lose trust to let them in their circle again where they thought they were safe.
"People typically hold grudges when they are hurt by someone else, and resent that person for what they did. Some people hold grudges more than others, I think it's all based on life experience. If someone has been let down more they might generally be more pessimistic and hold grudges more."
Because they are losing something they typically would have had
"They feel angry, betrayed, or let down"
People typically hold grudges when they are really hurt by the actions of others.
I think when someone feels an incredible amount of pain or hurt they are more likely to hold a grudge. I think when the crime is so bad and it has caused so much hurt it makes it harder to not hold the grudge. When you see other people you love in pain it is also easier to hold the grudge.
If they feel they have been wronged in a significant way
They feel they have been wronged by someone without sufficient recompense or resolution
Because they feel someone got away with something
If someone feels like they've been wronged by someone else I feel like that makes them hold grudges. Typically it's something that causes them to get angry or mad at the person because of how they treated them or what they did.
People often hold grudges when they feel they have been wronged or treated unfairly.
I think people typically hold grudges because their expectations of someone are let down.
"When they are fed up
When they dislike attitude of an individual 
When there a quarrel or misunderstanding 
People bottling up issues when they should voice out and resolve amicably."
want to get even
"When someone has betrayed, hurt, or wronged them in some form or manner."
When they perceive someone wronged them.
"Sense of harm to them (physically, emotionally, or psychologically)."
They don't want to forgive someone.
when people are not fair to me.
Someone disrespected them
unforgiving
They cannot let go of the past and they blame others for their shortcomings.
"I don't hold grudges, therefore I'm not sure why people hold grudges."