friends insuls kid
NA
"If someone has done something to significantly impact your life in a negative manner, it may be appropriate to hold a grudge, eg. physically abusing you at a younger age, emotionally manipulating you, etc."
"Physical, emotional, mental abuse."
Someone has significantly wronged you or someone close to you.
"A circumstance where it is okay to hold a grudge is one where the other party commits an act that is objectively unforgivable and intentional. If someone acts erratically and violently out of hate, and for no good reason, it is understandable to hold a grudge."
"I don't know if I ever think it's *right* to hold a grudge. I don't think that people need to always forgive, and I don't think they should forget -- but that's not the same as holding a grudge. Holding a grudge is active and it just causes the holder harm."
"When someone you thought cared about you and that you cared about, does something to purposefully hurt you, I think it's justified to hold a grudge."
I think its right to hold a grudge if the other person is seriously harmful and refuses to take accountability or change their behavior in the future.
When someone has wronged you.
Breach of trust
When the incident you are holding the grudge about is likely to occur again
"When you use a grudge in order to motivate you to keep moving forward, so that you could become stronger than you were last time."
I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone has harmed a loved one mentally or physically.
"I don't think it is ever right to hold a grudge, but I do think it is understandable to hold a grudge in cases of betrayal."
When your trust has been violated. An example could be infidelity of a spouce. People cheating others out of a lot of money would also be grudge worthy.
When someone you trust has betrayed you
When someone deliberately caused you bodily harm.
Someone steals your money.
when someone is being deliberatly rude and hurting your feelings.
"I think if the person caused serious harm and did not repent and reform, it is ok and right to hold a grudge."
"If the person against whom you hold the grudge hurt you, either out of ignorance or on purpose and refuses to acknowledge, let alone apologize for, doing so AND holding the grudge might force them to admit their actions, a grudge might be 'right'. Although, I usually find holding a grudge to be somewhat beyond my conscious control."
"I don't know that holding grudges is beneficial, but I think in some circumstances it is just. If someone has gone through great trauma at the hands to another it seems reasonable to hold a grudge."
I believe it is right to hold a grudge when one is betrayed by a close friend.
Someone cheated on you
"Someone did something seriously wrong, such as got you fired from a job through a lie. The grudge is understandable assuming it doesn't last too long."
"It is right to hold a grudge when you've been severely betrayed by someone who you hold a strong relationship with or when the stakes are high. For example, it would be right to hold a grudge against a significant other who cheated on you after being together for a long time."
None.  I don't believe this is a healthy attitude at all.
"It is right to hold a grudge if the way they have been wronged is something that affects their long term aspects, like their career."
Over something that could conceivably cause great harm.
I think it's fair if you want to remember how the situation made you feel so you don't make the same mistake again
Someone who truly hurt you and did not make amends
If a significant other cheated on you behind your back and then continued to remind you about it despite knowing they hurt you.
When someone completely disregards your feelings and place in the world in order for their own personal gain or satisfaction with no remorse.
someone intentionally causes harm to you
if you are being cheated on
I think its right to hold a grudge when someone gets murdered and no justice is found.
A person plans and executes a scheme to cause harm to me or one of my family members.
If you told someone a secret and trusted they would keep it and that person told someone else.
"When it will protect you from further harm.  For example, if my boss steals one of my ideas and claims it as her own, feeling a grudge might remind me to be careful about sharing my ideas with her."
If a grudge is held against an abuser or someone that has caused a traumatic event in your life.
If someone purposely does something to harm you.
"If someone repeatedly does something to hurt you, even if you tell them that it bothers you."
"When someone you trust, and know for a couple of years backstab you."
"If I have a job interview for a place I really want to work at and is good for me, but a close friend that is going for the same job secretly cancels my interview."
When my husband defended his religion’s covering up pedophiles instead of reporting their crimes to the police. He believes that jehovah will take care of it in the end at Armageddon.
"If someone did something intentionally, I think it's alright to hold a grudge. For example, I was once in a group project with a girl who did not turn in her part of the assignment with no notice. She then didn't come to class and spoke poorly about the rest of the group to everyone she knew because we ""threw her under the bus"" by telling the professor what had happened. I've had other classes with this girl since then, and I refuse to complete group work with her because of this. She intentionally didn't give us a heads up or come to class because she thought it would excuse her part of the assignment, so I know that this deliberate action means it could happen again in the future."
"There is no such circumstance. Opponents should be identified and, if the situation presents itself, appropriate action should be taken. Live and let live, and if necessary respond."
"Any act in which a child is affected by, or taken advantage of an innocent person"
"In an abuse or harassment case, where there is a repeated behavior that is unacceptable trapping the person and the abuser maliciously takes advantage of the person to their detriment."
when you have proven youre right and someone wont concede
I don’t really think it is ever right to hold a grudge. Grudges take too much unnecessary energy.
When someone betrays your trust.
"I do not know if ""right"" is the word, but I think that it is normal to hold a grudge when someone did something to hurt you on purpose."
A person was drunk while driving and while they were speeding down a street your car was the one that got hit. The damage leads to your romantic partner is killed. That person's stupid decision cost you the love of your life all because they wanted to have fun one night and not be responsible.
Any time a person commits a serious injury to another person.
"I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone has physically or emotionally abused you, especially if it is more than once. Holding a grudge is protective in this situation."
If someone does something deliberately to hurt someone.
If someone truly did you wrong let's say your girlfriend cheats on you with your best friend.
"I think if something particularly bad happened, a grudge can be warranted. If someone meant to hurt you, and did so in an extreme way, it's a sign not to trust that person anymore. Holding onto those feelings is natural, to remind yourself why you don't like them, and is justified."
If someone causes harm to you or a loved one.
when we are mistreated
"I feel that it’s right to hold a grudge in unjust situations (government decisions beyond one’s proper control, long-time slights.)"
"I don't think it is right to hold a grudge at all. But I also think that you don't have to forget or necessarily forgive either. I think grudges only hurt the person holding one, like poisoning yourself and expecting the other person to get sick. I think it's understandable to hold a grudge where the wrong was truly bad and that there was no resolution, but I think that's the time to try and find the closure within yourself."
"If the person that performed an action refuses to change their behavior, does not regret what they've done, and refuses to acknowledge their wrongdoing, I believe it's okay to hold a grudge."
"When someone does something morally reprehensible and does not care, i.e. kills a kitten"
If someone keeps repeatedly abusing you and your trust and lets you down.
I think it is ok to hold a grudge against someone who has hurt you or has betrayed your trust.
"I think it is understandable if someone causes you physical, emotional, or financial harm."
Murder
"I don’t think is right to hold a grudge, we have to be able to forgive people"
"When you have been wronged by someone who you trusted, and they clearly did it for their own personal gain while knowing you'd lose something."
"If the other party purposely hurt you in a way they are likely to again, it can be helpful to have a grudge to protect yourself."
never - life is too short to hold grudges
If someone knowingly harms another and doesn't show remorse.
If something is wronfuly done to you
When one commits a serious crime that could never be forgiven.
If someone did bodily harm to a loved one
"It is right to hold a grudge when a person has repeatedly done wrong but ""gotten away with it,"" (i.e., when someone has been forgiven for killing someone and then killed again with no remorse)."
taking a life of someone you love.
"Never right, but understandable when something grievous has happened."
It’s never right to hold a grudge and not be the bigger person in a situation where you are at odds with each other.
When you do so to protect yourself or others.
"I think it is acceptable to hold a grudge if someone intentionally, maliciously, and unapologetically did something to cause harm to you or another person. For example, if someone persistently bullies another person or physically harms another person and never shows remorse even years later then I think it is acceptable to hold a grudge."
"I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone does something morally wrong against you or someone close to you. For example, if someone steals from you or cheats on you or your loved one."
when someone has intentionally done you harm
"I don't think there is ever a ""right"" reason to hold a grudge."
I think it is right to hold a grudge when the conflict has not been resolved yet.
If someone repeatedly and intentionally harms an innocent person or animal.
"I don't think there is ever an appropriate time to hold a grudge.  You should deal with the issue and move on, forgive or reconcile."
When you ask a coworker for help and they say they can't. Then you find out they are goofing off not being productive and could have helped all along.
When someone has stolen from you.
if the person wronged you in such a way such as cheating on you or severely hurting you or somebofy in your family
When someone has hurt someone dear to me and done so without remorse.
When somebody has caused harm to you.
"Holding a grudge against someone who has done morally and horrific things. For example, rapists, pedophiles, murders."
If someone manipulated you into doing something you didn't want to do.
"Honestly, I don't feel that one has a right to hold a grudge but I can understand where someone would hold a grudge especially if the circumstance was they killed their loved one."
I think it’s right to hold a grudge if someone did something extremely unjust or illegal to you or a family member.
If somebody intentionally sets out to harm or disrupt you with no remorse for doing so or continues to do it repeatedly.
When someone has done something irreversible and unforgivable
"i don't know, i don't hold grudges"
when someone steals from you
when someone constantly keeps hurting you
I personally do not think it's right to hold grudges because it limits emotional growth.
I think it is right to hold a grudge if someone does something intentionally hurtful to you that is serious and egregious.
if the person I am holding a grudge against purposefully incited that grudge in a way purposely to create harm
when the focus of you grudge has not attempted to remedy for acknowledge the wrong or empathize with your feeling of wrong
Someone comes up to you and suddenly slams you down onto the table and you have no clue what they are saying since you don't even know them.
It's right to hold a grudge if someone sexually abused you or murdered a loved one.
I think it is right to hold a grudge when the other party is in the wrong and refuses to be held accountable or admit they are wrong.
A significant other cheats on you with your lifelong friend.
If someone has murdered a close family member or friend.
"I think that basically any circumstance is wrong to hold a grudge. The worst case scenario would probably be betrayal by a close family member, like cheating on your spouse. But even so, if they are sorry and show that they were repentant. I think you should be able to forgive. It may still hurt to be around them constantly, but hold a grudge is only hurting yourself."
"i don't really think it is right to hold a grudge. that type of negative energy is not good for a person and will only lead to further resentment of the person, possibly even yourself. we need to look at why the person did what they did and realize that it is okay. in these types of situations the person that committed the act that would cause the average person to hold a grudge comes to me to apologize for how they acted. that is if i don't approach them and ask why they did what they did in the first place."
When someone has hurt you in a deep way and never apologized
"When you are still dealing with the pain and effects of the wrongdoing, whatever that may be. Generally until the person you are mad at has not apologized."
"A circumstance where I believe a grudge is justified is if someone betrays your trust or fails to keep an important promise (the latter may depend on the reason). Another circumstance would be if someone else's actions created a lot of unnecessary grief for you. Usually in these kinds of situations, the other person has demonstrated a lack of care and/or a lack of respect for you."
When you are wronged in a way that is irreversible or of a lot of weight
"I don't think there are any circumstances where it is right to hold a grudge, though I understand why it happens and am guilty of it myself."
If someone does something unforgivable
when ur best friend steals ur husband
"I think it is right to hold a grudge if someone purposely and calculatedly hurt you, and if they are unapologetic."
Someone cheating on you
Never. Forgive and forget.
IF SOMEONE CHEATED IN A RACE AND WON
"If you witnessed something firsthand from beginning to end, I think you have the right to make your own opinion, including a grudge."
If a parent has hidden the fact that their child was adopted and the child found out by someone other than their parents.
When it's a person you've hated for a long time and they do something bad to you
If some is personally insulting to you or someone you love.
I don't think there are any appropriate times to hold a grudge. It's a lot of wasted energy.
If the damage was permanent or if intentions were bad and haven't changed
"It may be right to hold a grudge so that you can avoid the person who causes stressors. In a sense, it may help someone to avoid danger."
If he was treated unfairly
"When you are wronged by an individual, and it was their intention to wrong you"
"If a person has wronged you and you suspect they might do it again. It’s a form of self protection in that case, different from if it was a one-off thing and the person is sorry."
i don't think it is ever worth it
I think it is right to hold a grudge against someone if they had done something that requires serious consequences. For one I think sexual assault is an unforgivable action.
If someone cheats you out of money or is disloyal to you
It is right to hold a grudge if someone has dealt an inappropriate action and has not asked for genuine forgiveness.
I don't believe that it is right to hold a grudge. It happened in my family because of another family member and she will take it to her grave.
I don't think that there is any circumstance where you have the right to hold a grudge. A grudge is only harmful to the person who won't let a grudge go.
when you've been harmed physically mentally or spiritually
When a wrongdoing done upon you is not immediately forgivable through one´s eyes
if someone did something really out of line too you.
if the person did something with intent and consciousness to commit that act upon you
I think it's ok to hold a grudge when we plan to hold it for a short period of time. It's merely a feeling of temporary frustration that will go away later.
An individual is raped but does not forgive his or her attacker.
"Unforgivable offenses wherein the damage is too great or cannot be fixed even if unintentional sometimes, like murder."
"There is not really a ""right"" circumstance but I understand why someone would hold one."
"Youre in a group project right, and this Jack fucker doesnt do any of the work and gets pissed when he gets a bad grade. His fault for being a lazy fuck and not doing anything till the last minute"
If there is a clear wrong that has been done and the other party refuses to address it or take responsibility.
If my feelings us badly hurt
"I think it's fair to hold a grudge when someone has been wronged in a malicious way that affected them greatly and was no fault of their own. i.e. Being conned by someone and financially ruined, inducing harm to your family. I don't think it's ever right to hold a grudge."
I think holding a grudge is fine if someone does something that ruins a relationship and it cannot be salvaged.
"If someone has hurt you and you 'hold a grudge' as a way to protect yourself or loved ones from any harm, then it is right to hold a grudge."
"I think that it is right to hold a grudge if someone did something that significantly harmed you and there was no justification to their actions. For instance, if someone in your family stole money from you and refused to admit it."
"when someone doesn't apologize for what they did wrong, and don't acknowledge that they did anything wrong"
"If someone wrongs you in a way that is extremely influential in your life and is something that you can't recover from - and they did it with intention and/or did not appropriately apologize. For example, one of my former soccer teammates had his leg broken by an opponent and said the opponent never apologized even though he knew what he had done."
If someone did something wrong that injured you or your family and showed no regret or remorse for how it affected anyone else. It would be a way of protecting yourself from being injured again.
I think it's right to hold a grudge when something terrible has been done to hurt someone
"I think it could be right to hold a grudge if it protects you from further pain inflicted by the person the grudge is against. For example, you could hold a grudge against a former friend for stealing from you if not doing so would cause you to resume your friendship at the high risk of that happening again."
When you are wronged badly
When someone cut you in on the grocery line
If someone did long lasting damage to you
"If someone treats you very badly, knows it and does not apologize"
If someone has truly done something horribly wrong. An example just recently is an 18 year old girl was kicked out of her house for being a lesbian. She saw her mother and aunt and uncle at the Capitol terrorist attack on the 6th and she reported them because of what they did to her.
loss of income
If someone scratches your car because you did not say good morning to him/her.
"I tend to hold grudges a lot, personally in high school I asked my friend for a soda he was saving in the class fridge and he said no but when I said it was for another student he said yes. It wasn't for another student and I still hold that grudge. Ideally, it's best to hold grudges for small things that don't have any major effect on anything."
I don't think it's right or healthy to hold grudges.
When someone has wronged you in an irreversible way and other justice cannot be found.
"I don't think its right to hold a grudge, but I think there are plenty of scenarios where it is understandable to hold a grudge. For instance, if someone who you consider to be reliable promises to do something that will help you and then doesn't follow through, leaving you to suffer for it, it would be understand to hold a grudge against that person for not being true to their word."
A friend d that has intentionally stolen an item from you
When you've been betrayed by someone close.
if someone does something that severely effects your mental or physical health
When someone hates you very much
If your wife cheats on you with your best friend. I think that would be perfectly acceptable to hold a grudge in that situation.
"If you have a good reason to be upset, then I don't consider it a grudge, but it could be argued that that is the case."
When a person feels like they have been betrayed by someone they love in some way then its right to hold a grudge.
"I think that it may be right to hold a grudge when someone deeply wronged you, like they cheated on you or they hurt one of your family members."
When someone does something to physically hurt you.
"I think it sometimes feels more justifying to hold a grudge against a person when they repeatedly do wrong by you. For example, I have a boss who is unprofessional and often does not speak respectfully to me. I feel justified in holding a grudge against her."
"I don't necessarily think it *is* right to hold a grudge. I think both parties need to come together to communicate a solution first. It's important to be able to forgive, but you don't necessarily need to have whatever you are holding a grudge against in your life."
When the president of the United States incites violence.
I think it is normal to hold a grudge against someone who has committed a great wrong such as rape or murder.
When that persons actions start effecting my physical or emotional health.
"If someone does something extremely wrong like a felonious crime that has the potential to harm others and does not show remorse for their actions

Or simply towards a person who refuses to acknowledge a viewpoint other than their own and is hateful because of it."
when someone gets your fired
If somebody repeatedly wrongs you.
If your livelihood is stripped away unjustly
"When someone close to you lies to you, despite knowing that you don't like being lied to and have previously discussed not doing that."
"This one this girl I thought was my friend slept with the same guy that she knew I was sleeping with. The guy was just a fling but she was my friend, she was the person I told my plans and ambitions too. And then this bitch turned around and had sex with someone she already knew I was involved with. If she wanted him, she could've just said so instead of leaving to find out by a third party who felt bad for me."
If someone causes you to have prolonged physical or mental pain I think it is ok to hold a grudge for a prolonged period of time.
i think that you have the right to hold a grudge in a specific situations such as if someone cheated on you in some way
a bully takes my lunch money every day.
it would be right to hold a grudge if it is clear to all that someone is in the wrong but that someone refuses to recognize it.
i don't know
i dont think it is right to hold a grudge but maybe in extreme circumstances if a life was taken away due to some other person
If somebody steals from you
when someone has done you wrong
If someone has truly wronged you and you wish to no longer associate with that person.
I don't think it's right or healthy to hold a grudge because I think it only affects the person holding it.
Getting lied to
"If someone is being malicious, I think it is ""right"" to hold a grudge. For instance, if someone tries to sabotage a wedding because they're afraid of losing their best friend, I think it's fair to hold a grudge in that situation."
When you tell someone a secret and them not to tell anyone and they end up telling that person.
When somebody you thought was a friend says rude things about you behind your back.
if someone hurts me real bad especially someone really close to me.
I think it would be right to hold a grudge if something negative occurred as a result of an action that someone else did.
"It may be right to hold a grudge if someone deeply wronged you or committed a crime against you, that changed your life in a negative way. If that person will always be toxic towards you, it may be best to hold a grudge to avoid them."
"If person A kills person B, then close relatives of person B have a high probability of holding a grudge against person A."
When someone has irreparably harmed you or someone you love and shows no remorse.
"If someone does something that can majorly impact your life. For example, someone falsely accuses you of something that you didn't do."
I think it is right to hold a grudge when the absence of doing so would leave you vulnerable to being harmed again by the same individual or institution.
It is okay to hold a grudge when someone steals from you.
"'- If another abuses (sexually, mentally, or physically) oneself or their family member
- If another engages in illicit actions to harm (including financially) oneself or their family member
- If another acts against coordinates an attack (physically, mentally, sexually, or financially) against oneself or their family member."
I don't think it is right to hold a grudge
It is right to hold a grudge when someone cheats on you.
If you were severely wronged multiple times
It depends on what we use as a definition for grudge. Personally I do not hold grudges ever. That does not mean that I do not use past interactions with a person to inform my future interactions. It means that I never have an irrational hatred toward a person. I would rather pray for the person who wronged me. It is not always easy to let go of anger. I believe it can be done with God's help.
Stealing from me.
i dont think it is right to hold a grudge let go and forgive.
Someone broke their promise
If someone has knowingly told a lie about you
If someone purposely was unfair to you for no good reason.
"I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone has hurt you with a malicious intent. LIke, if someone were to abuse you or someone you love."
I think it is right to hold a grudge in a circumstance where someone has really hurt you deeply.
someone i love got murdered
"I'm not sure there's a particular judgement I have that it's 'right' or 'wrong' to hold a grudge. I think people don't look at what they're getting (or not getting) at holding a grudge, enough. I think it's rarely worthwhile, but also rarely examined, to see what one is getting out of it. There's a difference, I think, between not giving forgiveness for a transgression and holding a grudge. Still, too, people have their own differences of these definitions: it's all subjective. I think holding a grudge, for me personally, is a step beyond not forgiving. In my case, I'd perhaps hold a grudge if I thought malice was involved in another person's actions, and that they -continued to hold malice- and perhaps continued to hold intent to do malice or held malice in their overall intent."
In instances where the matter never gets resolved and more people can continue to be victimized.  I think of violence against African Americans by police and other state forces.  Until the system is change I can see why some might hold a grudge.
"When an act has harmed someone in anyway, it is known by definition as wrong but no punishment is brought upon the person who brought the harm."
If someone does something to betray you and loses your trust when there is no apology.
I've seen someone hurt others regularly
When a person knowingly offended you without showing signs of remorse.
"I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone promises to be faithful to you but this individual then cheats on you. Infidelity is damaging because it not only hurts your feelings, it will affect your future relationships by giving you trust issues."
When someone does a demonstrable harm to the person and the harm is not made right
"When someone betrays a moral oath and duty to someone else, like destroying their career."
If someone blatantly does something with the intention to harm someone else. Someone premeditating being mean. Like your husband being out of town getting drunk while you're at home in the hospital after being in a car wreck while pregnant.
"If someone does something that negatively affects you in a large way. Humiliation, telling your secrets, etc."
For an extreme act by the other
If you're slighted repetitively by someone or some organization. Hopefully you hold a grudge as a reminder to avoid them.
when  the trust is broken
"If someone is trying to sabotage you or screw you over, or just completely disregarding you, I think it's fair to hold a grudge if someone is starting it."
When someone treats you unfairly and acts deliberately.
When someone has deeply wronged you and received no consequences for it and does not take any responsibility for it.
"Grudge comes from the now dead Middle English word ""grutch,"" which meant ""to complain or grumble."" Someone who bears a grudge might often be grouchy."
If the person hurt you intentionally. If your best friend has an affair with your current long-time partner. If it happened once and they continue to maintain this relationship while also keeping hidden from you. They pretend like they care about you and the friendship/relationship all the while continuing to sleep with your partner.
"Lying about another person, saying one said this about someone and it was false"
"I can't think of many situation because at the end of the day, a grudge will do you not damage that the other person"
I honestly have never held a grudge but one time and it was against the person who molested my goddaughter
When someone toxic hurts you
"When someone continuously wrongs you that is in some way insulting, dangerous, or physically harmful, and shows no remorse in their actions or even relishes in their actions."
I think it might be right to hold a grudge in a situation where a person as done clear wrong and it has impacted you in some meangful way.
If you were cheated on
"I think there is no right circumstance to hold a grudge, everything could be forgiven, but if I had to I would say when someone is disrespectful with your time."
"When someone has a history of being needlessly cruel or unfair, and expects forgiveness after hurting you or someone you deeply care about."
"A good time to hold a grudge would be if someone wronged you in a drastic way. Like if someone killed a family member or friend, then I think it is fine to hold a grudge."
If someone does harm to you or your family i believe it is right to hold a grudge depending on the level of harm done.
"I think when someone extremely crosses a personal boundary you've set, when someone hurts you and/or people close to you past the point of no return, or in any cases more extreme than that could warrant a grudge. If someone shows they are capable o truly hurting you, you should not allow them to do so again."
It is ok to hold a grudge against institutions or businesses
if someone harms anyone in your family on purpose
the moment someone betrayed you
if someone physically or mentally harms you
"I think it is right to hold a grudge when you explain to someone the right thing to do and they purposely do the wrong thing. For example, if someone tells a friend that they go by the pronouns he/him, but the friend purposely always the person she/her, then it is right to hold a grudge because the friend has no respect for the person."
"I think if someone has been really wronged or abuse, it would be right to hold a grudge. For example, if a parent has caused you severe trauma or emotional neglect and even refuses to acknowledge the harm they caused you, some people will want to forgive their parents, but others will not, and I think the latter is valid. You can heal (I think) without having to forgive."
When one has legitimately been wronged
for example when someone stole something from u
NA
"If you were treated in a completely wrongful manner , it is your right to believe to hold a grudge."
"A person is right to hold a grudge if they have been victimized by violence. When I was sixteen, I was the victim of attempted rape. The man thought it was very funny that he molested me and held me against my will. He even bragged about it. However, the justice system failed to prosecute him. While I have let go of the fear and the anger, I think I might always hold a grudge that he did not suffer at all for the trauma he caused."
It's right to hold a grudge if the offender has no remorse and doesn't change their behavior. It's right to hold a grudge if that grudge is the only thing preventing you from being in the same situation a second time.
"I don't know if there's any circumstance where it's right to hold a grudge. Sometimes it can be hard not to have them, but I really don't think anything good comes from having a grudge."
Whenever a person backstabs you after you trusted them.
When someone steals from you or slanders you in a way that jeopardizes you in a way the affects your livelihood.
"When my love cheats on me, and I find some pieces of evidence."
Someone repeatedly takes your food.
Let's say one day a criminal kills someone who is dear to you. That's when it's right to hold a grudge.
When you felt cheated
"If someone were to wrong you in an irreversible or important way. For example, if someone were to intentionally out a closeted member of the LGBT community, that would warrant a grudge."
AN INFIDELITY OR BETRAYAL OF SOMEONE NEARBY
When someone deliberately sets out to deceive you for their own personal gain.
"I don't think it is right, I just try to justify it"
"If you are sexually assaulted, or in any other way are violated physically, emotionally, etc"
I don’t think it’s right to ever hold a grudge
"Perhaps when the offending party continues to show ill-will and malice towards another, despite your best attempts to make things right or forgive them. If you are continually abused or attacked, then I think it's okay to hold a grudge in this instance."
When they hurt you very hard
when someone dont speak politely to me
It seems  he asked her  best friend  out on  a date a few days after  breaking up with Why do we hold grudges when   they are in fact quite painfu l to maintain  and often  we find the soothing kindness and compassion that the grudge itself desires.  on the situation so  that both of you  will clearly understand  what is going on.
"Wrongful doing out of lack of empathy toward other person; such as stealing, rape, murder, abuse, etc."
When a fellow lay false accusation on another fellow
If a person murders your child or other loved one.
I think if someone does something really hurtful like betrays your trust intentionally it is okay to hold a grudge.
"When the boundary line has been crossed more than the limit, it calls for it."
I don’t believe it’s right at anytime to hold a grudge. Let it go and move forward
"I'm pretty sure I'm supposed to say it is never right to hold a grudge but I'm not going to say that. 
 When a man sexually assaults a woman or a child it is right to hold a grudge."
its right to hold a grudge when the person physically assaulted or hurt another human.  also its right to hold grudge if u find someone dangerous or hurtful
It is right to hold a grudge when someone steals something from you.
if what happened is especially painful
"When the person has done something really serious (murder, rape, abuse, etc.)."
"Actually, I'm someone that doesn't hold grudges, so I don't think it's ever right to do so. That doesn't mean I can totally forgive someone for seriously unethical behavior, but holding on to anger and resentment isn't beneficial to my mental health or ability to move forward in life. I try to recognize the wrongful behavior for what it is, and move on as much as possible. Otherwise, it would be a total drain on my energy; letting the circumstance (and person) have power over me."
"I don't think that its ever healthy to hold a grudge. But that's easier said than done. In the past I was depressed and by avoiding a situation I formed a grudge towards someone and I haven't put in the effort to resolve the situation. So, a situation where you don't feel like you are loosing an important part of your life and when holding the grudge isn't causing stress or weighing on you."
"forgiveness,  those who are substantial enough to move on"
"When I think about some one, my feelings are positive"
"one can involves a friend, a co-worker or a loved one"
when the other person caused danger or harm
I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone purposefully misleads a great amount of people or intentionally betrays someone close to them.
A person has shown themselves to be bigoted and close-minded.
When someone steals from me.
if someone kills your loved one
If someone lost a loved one from murder or etc.
When someone does something to purposely hurt you or take something away from you and does nothing to show that they are genuinely sorry (such as making it up to you in some way) or haven't grown in any way as a result of it.
"I think it would be right for someone to hold a grudge if they were physically, sexually, or emotionally abused by another person."
when people are constantly harming you
If someone brings physical harm to someone you love.
Somebody hurt you and they don't feel bad about it.
When someone intentionally did something malicious
If someone did something to someone or another living creature with malicious intent- both with or without feeling apologetic for their actions afterward.
If someone purposely tried to seriously harm you.
I believe if someone treated you horribly
Your best friend cheats with your girlfriend and then they both lie about it for months before you find out on accident and then when you confront them they won't admit it. So you break up and they start dating immediately.
When somebody doesn’t have any respect for another’s well being.
Never
When someone irrevocably damages your life or someone you care about and shows no remorse.
If it's your birthday and you planned a special night with a close friend and they bail on you for no reason
If it was a big change or big event in someone's life or if it was really important to someone
If the person that has done something is wrong
a drunk driver kills your entire family
A drunk driver kills a loved one
"I think there's really only very limited reason to hold a grudge. If someone killed your loved one, lied to you and ruined something important to your life overall, sabotaged your career, life, or home. It had to be something that really can alter your life."
If somebody wronged you in a major way like injuring your loved ones.
"Anything that caused direct physical or mental damage. Being abused by family members or friends, such as consistent and purposeful gaslighting, physical harm, and general mental damage is entirely justified."
If a parent abandoned a child
"If someone does somthing detrimental to someones health or safety, steals from you or does somthing significant to defy trust"
When the other person does something that threatens your safety or does something that betrays your trust.
A situation where someone has hurt you significantly and repeatedly
"If someone does something that permanently changes your life negatively. (murder, causing you to lose your job, physical/emotional abuse)"
When your friend goes behind your back.
It might be right to hold a grudge if the person who wronged isn't willing to step forward and admit his faults
"I don't think there is a right circumstance in which to hold a grudge. Grudges are useless wastes of your own emotional bandwidth and tend to only hurt the person holding the grudge, not the person it's held against."
A situation where the other party is totally unreasonable
"People often get stuck in the cycle of holding grudges because they expect something from someone and that expectation hasn't been fulfilled,” says Rachel O'Neill, Ph. D., a licensed professional clinical counselor in Ohio and a Talkspace provider. For example, you might feel that someone has wronged you in some way."
If someone told you they would pay you back and tells you they will and then don’t. And you see them out shopping
"I don't think holding a grudge is right, especially because it is not emotionally beneficial. However feelings of a grudge can help someone from being hurt again by the same people such as in abusive situations and should be recognized as a warning system."
When you have been wronged in a way that is generally regarded by most people to violate human rights.
I don't think it is right to hold a grudge at all because it is not mentally healthy
When someone does something purposely evil to harm you.
If it causes mental or physical harm.
somebody steals something from you and nobody notices but they get all the glory
"I am a victim of both rape and physical abuse from a very long time ago and I have to say I still hold a grudge.  So, egregious offenses like this."
If someone kills someone you know.
"In situations in which the other person has deeply affected the other emotionally and doesn't seem to be remorseful about it, doesn't want to change and continues to actively try and harm said person."
I don't believe you should hold grudges. What's the point. Its not really affecting anyone but yourself
I think if someone has done something that has mentally or physically hurt you in a serious way then it is okay to hold a grudge.
I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone purposely and maliciously hurts you or someone you care about.
When your trust has been irrevocably betrayed.
"This election has separated a lot of friends and family. If you hold a grudge against someone who is hurting others and harmful to society, someone who lacks moral values and goes against everything you believe in, let them go. Holding a grudge happens in everyone's life and sometimes you just can't get past it. I have lost a lot of friends over this President, I am a staunch Democrat and do not understand how so many are on the side of Trump and showing cult-like behavior. They never hear his lies and if they do, they take them for truth!"
when someone who you trusted and helped consistently betrays your trust
Partner cheating on you
"When the offender has done something horrific such as rape, assault, or murder."
It might be right to hold a grudge in the instance of an abusive relationship one needs to escape.
Your spouse cheated on you.
If you get betrayed by a friend.
If someone has repeatedly insulted you and belittles you and then suddenly asks for your help.
I think it is right to hold a grudge when someone has stolen something from you.
When others humiliate you and feel everyone around is against you..
"I don't think it is right to hold a grudge at any time. But if I had to go against what I just said, I would have to say when someone has killed a family member or loved one."
If someone is intent on continuing to do harm to you.
When somone physically assaults you. Someone who is supposed to be your friend.
If someone commits a crime harming you or your family.
"When someone doesn't defend you, when you've done something for them.
"
When someone has justifiably wronged you and they show no remorse for it.
"Well, for instance, if a close friend or a family member betrays you in a serious way."
"If what the other person did betrays your trust and you can't see them in the same way you used to, I think it's right to hold a grudge."
I don't know if there is ever a correct reason to hold a grudge. I think maybe if you try to right the wrong and the person still refuses.
"When someone has hurt a vulnerable, innocent child or animal, it is right to hold a grudge against that person, e.g. a child abuser."
"I might hold a grudge when I make plans with a friend, but they end up cancelling at the last minute without a valid reason."
If soemone steals from you.
when someone does something knowingly to you
If someone cheated on you in marriage and never apologized or acted remorseful in any way.
"If you know for sure that you've been unfairly treated, it may be right to hold a grudge."
"when you have been deeply, intentionally wronged by someone who wished to inflict malice on you. you can't forgive a premediated attack on yourself, it was done with intent."
If someone hurt you really badly very recently it's understandable to hold a grudge.
"When someone has really wronged you, like completely backstabbed you or a loved one intentionally."
"It is right to hold a grudge when someone has purposefully hurt someone else, especially for their own gain."
It is right to hold a grudge when you lose something crucial to your survival and fitness.
If someone killed a loved one
If your husband cheats on you with your best friend.
I think when someone murders someone you love you can absolutely hold a grudge. I am in that situation and I have held a grudge for over twenty years. The grudge hasn't eaten me up in some ways the grudge make me feel better.
"I'm going to be pretty specific. Let's say you were asked to create a product for a client in return for payment, and that completing that product took a month of hard work. At the end of that month, with the product finished and delivered to the client, that client stops communicating and refuses to provide the payment you are owed. In that situation, it's totally understandable to hold a grudge."
When someone has done something to you without remorse and with long-lasting repercussions to yourself or people you care about
I think it is right to hold a grudge when  a person uses the law to punish someone and uses lies to do it
If someone does something that doesn't just go against you buy hurts a family member or someone innocent I feel like grudges are more warranted. An example of this would be if a parent promised to be there for their child and then let them down repeatedly.
"When you have been treated very wrongly and there is nothing that could excuse the abuser's actions, especially if they had many other choices of which path they could have taken rather than hurt you."
My mom refused to let me move in with her when I was being abused. She had four extra bedrooms including one with its own bathroom and living room. I shared a bed with an abusive ex for six months.
"When I’m being taken for granted, I hold a grudge against people that does so to me"
it is not right
I do not think any type of circumstance is right to hold a grudge. It is unhealthy.
When someone emotionally or physically hurts someone you love.
It is right to hold a grudge/remember past wrongs in a situation where a person is a perpetual  abuser.
I normally think it's ok to hold a grudge when someone purposely did something.
a group of friends went for a trip and they did not invite me
When the other person is unapologetic or unremorseful
lied to
It never is
None