my sisrer was mean
NA
A coworker would consistently annoy me and would often do what he could to try and one-up me. I went to ignoring him and doing what I could to undermine his efforts with better work.
NA
Love triangle
I held a grudge when my sister didn't take part in my family's Christmas which is the one time the four of us are together all year. I found it very selfish of her to decide to opt out when myself and my father had traveled specifically to spend time with the family. My parents are getting older and my sister's decision was purely selfish and self serving and I felt she wasn't able to grasp the larger picture of the situation. It was extremely hurtful.
"Definitely held a grudge against a woman I worked with in high school -- a 50 year old woman who decided that belittling, insulting, and being really mean to a 15 year old was TOTALLY the right thing to do in a workplace. It hurt me a lot and made my job really unpleasant, and I held a grudge for a really long time. I didn't do anything about it, but I think part of that is that I moved out of my hometown (in part to escape people like her)."
I held a grudge against a classmate for getting me in trouble despite it being her fault.
"I held a grudge against someone who bullied me while growing up, especially because this person initially refused to apologize or recognize that what they were doing was wrong and harmful. I eventually let the grudge go when we talked about it once we were both older and that person apologized for hurting me and had shown actual growth as a person over that time."
When someone took the last piece of pizza.
Someone told other people something I had told them in confidence
My ex boyfriend cheated on me and I never forgave him
"I held a grudge a while ago, when my friend left me to go to a place by myself. Because of that, I now make sure to make friends with the right people."
I have held a grudge against another person when they hurt a loved one of mine and tried to keep it a secret.
When I was betrayed by a friend.
I have held a grudge when a former friend intentionally hurt me at my job. I could not forgive their intentional act.
when my friend was talking to the guy i liked behind my back
Can't remember any.
"My slightly older cousin would molest me when I was younger, I still hold a grudge and feelings of discomfort to this day"
i have held a grudge when someone has physically hurt me
Someone defended her son-in-law's reprehensible and insulting behavior against me and my children.  I lost all respect for her.
"My father and I have very different political views, and in light of the current presidency the chasm between our political perspectives seems especially impassable. We recently had an argument over the storming of the Capitol building on January 6th and I cut communications with him for over a week."
"I was bullied in middle school for my speculated sexuality and a girl turned my friend group against me, so I held a grudge against her for years."
"I have held a grudge against my elder sister for wrongful accusations against me. She claimed that I caused her mental harm years ago, when I was merely a child! I never did this, and I could not believe she would attempt to impute blame on me for such."
"Best friend of mine at the time decided to use me for their own personal gain, where I would always have to be there for them but when I would need them they would vanish and be unreliable"
"I can't recall anything. In college, someone borrowed my car and didn't tell me about parking tickets they got. But the grudge didn't last long."
"I've held a grudge with a close relative who betrayed and disrespected me in my own household when they were supposed to be helping me on an important court case involving my housing. This was a long time coming and I stood to lose a lot in the case if things went poorly for me. Furthermore, I had came through for said relative in the past when they were in a similar situation and felt like my loyalty was being payed back with nothing."
It was so long ago it is gone from my memory.
When someone stole my money
I refuse to go to a restaurant in my town because they continue to display a sign that I disagree with morally.
I have held a grudge against my old friend because of they way her treated me on vacation. I asked him to do a few things to make me feel comfortable and he didn't do any of them and openly went against my wishes
My cousin did not like that I had others to confide in and blamed me for a situation that was not my fault. She constantly put me down and would not reach out to me.
"My school once screwed up my classes that affected my enrollment status and they refused to fix it which caused significant issues for me. I then dug up the school's own rules and policies and called them out on being in violation of their own rules and policies. When administration still didn't care, I escalated it to the governing body who then took the admins to task."
As a player on a sports team I encountered many rivalries to players on opposite teams. In one circumstance I was being berated by the crowd of the opposition team because I was playing well against them. They were personally attacking me and saying bad things about me without even knowing me at all. I held a grudge against people from that school and team.
I had a grudge on another player on my basketball team because he got more playing time
when my best friend slept with my now ex husband
I held a grudge when I supported someone for a couple of years and received nothing or received anger and frustration towards me when I wanted to leave the situation. My mental health was affected and it improved when I let go of my grudge.
"A that i know, kicked my dog because he don't like animals and falsely calimed it was in self defense ( my dog was barking, but not at him and was on a leash )"
My niece broke my trust and stole from me. She was never sorry and I will never be able to trust her again.
"There is a person who was a close friend of my partner.  I thought I was also friends with this person, but a couple of years ago they told my partner that they don't like me.  This was a grudge because I realized that the person did not think we were friends, so it was my mistake in the first place, and the comment caused my partner to change their relationship from close friends to polite peers, not really friends anymore.  So in the end, I was not really harmed beyond the initial insult, and did feel empathy for the person (realizing that the reason they didn't like me was based on a false assumption about me), but I still felt insulted and wanted to tell our other friends about the incident in order to cause the person to be ostracized.  I didn't, but I fantasized about it."
I have held a grudge against my mother for years for not referring to health care professionals when dealing with my mental illness as a child and for also shaming me for who I am.
When a friend of mine tried talking to my ex a week after we broke up.
"When a family member has repeatedly, consistently, and willfully bothered me and done things that I have told them hurt me."
It is when I learned a close friend of mine talks badly of me to other people even when I did nothing wrong.
"My friends went to a college near me, but never invited me even though they were so close by"
My husband and I had an argument about his religion’s pedophile coverup. At first he tried to lie and say what I discovered were lies. Then he said that things were taken out of context. I recited the policy I had read from their secret elders book. He lied and said there was no such thing. I showed him my copy. He became apoplectic and asked where I had gotten it and how dare I read it. He almost broke a table. He tried to kick me out of the house. He eventually said that the pedophilia was wrong but he trusted that jehovah will fix everything in the end. I asked him why he was angry with me and ready to divorce me for crimes his religion committed. I can’t forgive a person who defends the coverup of pedophilia and considers me a lesser human being than the men who committed those crimes.
"To use a different example, I have held a grudge against an ex-friend who spoke poorly to me about our mutual friends to try and get them to stop hanging out with me. To this day, I'm not really sure why she felt the need to do that, and if she had any problems with me we could've simply talked them out. The fact that she chose to speak poorly about me to people who would tell me about it shows malice on her end, so I haven't really forgiven her for it and our friendship has ended."
"I don't. I develop ideas on how to ""get even"" if the situation allows but holding a grudge is a waste of brain cycles."
"When one of my friends did not show a little empathy for my breakup, on the contrary, he made fun of my situation"
"The closest I've come to holding a grudge is against one boy in high school who bullied my brother in middle school. I continually resented him even through high school and judged how he acted and what he said harsher than I normally would. He died just a year ago, and now I feel guilty for the grudge I held against his character all those years."
when someone bought something i wanted and they knew it
I have not held a grudge in my adult life. I have held grudges as a teen for silly arguments.
When my boyfriend cheat on me.
"I've held a grudge after being hurt by a friend because that person did everything that knew would cause me pain and sadness; hence, I held a grudge for some time because I knew that that person could have done things differently if they cared."
I don't hold a lot of grudges but there was a guy who was always disruptive in class and I always had to work with him. This has led to my grades dropping and that has led me to hold a grudge for the rest of the year and the next 2 years of highschool.
When an adult acted unsafely with my younger siblings
My ex-husband emotionally and physically abused me in our marriage. Our divorce and custody battle was terrible. Things have settled now but I will never trust him or give him a chance for anything in my life again.
When someone stole money from me.
When I would carpool someone to school an hour away and the person never returned the favor.
"My last girlfriend and I dated for around two years. We took a break due to Covid (hard to see each other) but stayed in contact. Then, we decided to get back together. Right before we were going to see each other, my girlfriend decided she didn't want to do long distance anymore and started dating someone else instead. Even though she didn't mean to hurt me, it did. I felt this was deserving of a grudge because I had unresolved emotions and felt extremely hurt. I got over it, eventually, and we are okay now. But the grudge was justified because it was a particularly bad action."
Accused of stealing by my brother's roommate. He destroyed some property of mine because of it. I still think he's a bad person
"honestly, I can't remember any at the moment"
"There have been several times when I have personally held a grudge. One such instance was a long-standing grudge towards an old schoolmate of mine who treated me poorly in our youth. I’ve never quite managed to forgive them, because of how deeply their words and actions have cut me."
"I don't hold grudges, not anymore, I did however when I was younger because I didn't know any better. When I was a kid there were two bullies, one of which had been a friend previously I had thought. They went after me mercilessly for a year and I definitely held a grudge against them both. Over the years the resentment sat there like a wound that wouldn't heal and I didn't like it. I sought out both of the them to try and get some closure, one definitely remembered me and what they'd done but wouldn't talk about it, they were obviously embarrassed and, I like to think, a little ashamed of themselves. The other didn't remember me at all, or much of anything, it seemed she'd had some sort of mental break in high school and was very heavily medicated. All in all afterwards I just felt sorry for them, as an adult I didn't wish for the former to feel bad about it this long afterward and the other I wouldn't wish that on anyone. I came to the understanding that I had been holding onto this baggage for no reason and it had done nothing but make me feel bad and keep the memory of being tortured alive in my mind. Nothing's worth that."
I've held a grudge when an ex-boyfriend refused to compromise with me on how often we texted/talked. He refused to acknowledge that ignoring me was wrong and instead blamed me for the failures of our relationship.
When my boyfriend hurt my feelings by losing his temper I held a grudge for too long.
"When I was financially hit hard when I had a business and the employees didn't work hard to help keep the business afloat despite my warnings and I had to pay their wages out of my own dwindling savings. Then when I had to close the business and face financial ruin alone, they told people I was doing better financially than I actually was and had no need to close the business and leave them without jobs and that I was the most terrible boss they ever had."
I have held a grudge against a person I had once thought was a friend but they just told rumors and tried to start problems in my life. This has made me hold a grudge against them.
I had a former manager with whom my relationship devolved.  He began to get involved in my personal life and use it as leverage in my professional life.  I decided to leave the position and he made it challenging for me moving forward.  I would say I felt a grudge for a while in that scenario.
When someone made me really mad
When someone has something better than me but i try to avoid those thoughts
"I held a grudge against someone who teased me when I was younger. They were my friend but teased me in front of others. Specifically about the clothes I wore and how often I wore those clothing articles (zip-up sweater). My family was not very well off, so I was insecure about wearing clothes often in school anyway. I held a grudge against this person after they did that the first time."
Against those who bullied me in high school.
When my teammate in soccer injured me by not being careful enough during training. Took away 2 weeks of me playing while I healed.
A person who I considered a friend told me a lot of lies about my then-husband in order to hurt me and my relationship. She's made overtures since then to get forgiveness and I have chosen not to receive those overtures or even respond to her requests for contact.
When I was upset or mad at someone
I don't recall ever having to hold a grudge.
When my sister's boyfriend cheated on her
I have held a grudge when I was emotionally abused by an ex-boyfriend who could not take responsibility for it.
When someone cheated on me in high school
Leader ended up not being a good role model and being a hypocrite
I have held a grudge before with a friend of mine where we disagreed on something and neither of us would admit guilt.
I’ve held a grudge against a coworker for consistently calling out and leaving everyone else to pick up their slack. Therefore I never asked said coworker to cover my shifts.
I was bullied by a girl in my class as a child and she never apologized even though I gave her hundreds of chances. She lied about me and spread rumors and stole things from me from first grade all the way until seventh grade. It's been over a decade since I've last herd from her but even today I don't think I would forgive her if she tried to contact me.
I held a grudge when my friend lied to me and broke a promise
I was belittled in front of the whole school by a teacher over a non-issue. I hope he dies a horrible death.
"I'm sure in my younger years I held a grudge, but I cannot think of a particular instance."
Against my friend for seemingly excluding me from a hangout.
A person repeatedly abused me and physically hurt me when I was a young teen. I have held a grudge against them ever since.
"I have held grudges against employers that I left and I felt as though i was not treated fairly as I worked out my notice with them, but that has typically been a me problem not a them problem."
When I embarrassed someone in front of people and they didn't like
Someone in my family swindled and stole something very valuable from me.
when a family member cheated on my cousin
I held a grudge when my brother forgot to lock the gate and my dog ran out the streets and got hit by a car and passed away.
A teacher gave me a lackluster grade because of my handwriting.
"I currently hold a grudge again my father because he has never been there. But when I found his Facebook, he's there smiling with my younger half-siblings but never even gave me the time of day until he was in the hospital"
When a friend asked to borrow something and it
I don't believe that I hold grudges but if there's anything close is perhaps when there have been harmed caused against my children.  I don't think of it as a grudge but I just decide to never have anything to do with that person again
"An apartment building was being constructed in an area I was interested in. I approached the vendor on an almost weekly basis trying to purchase two adjoining apartments I wanted to merge into one. I wanted to sign a contract and make the downpayment at his discretion. He always told me to rest assured those apartments were “sold to me” but he couldn’t do the paperwork or receive the downpayment due to legal issues that would soon be resolved. On one of my regular visits to the construction site, he informed he had sold one the apartments I wanted, but he had a “better deal” for me with the building rooftop duplex apartment. I was appalled, my expectations were shattered and I hold a grudge against that individual forever."
"I can’t recall a time I’ve held a grudge. Not to say I never have, it’s just been so long I can’t remember. It was probably over something stupid when I was young."
I don't typically hold grudges.
"i can't remember one, i don't think i hold grudges"
when someone caused a conflict with me and my significant other
When a girlfriend cheated on me
I held a grudge against a childhood friend because they broke one of my toys.
I have held a grudge against my grandmother for choosing not to take my sister seriously when she was abused.
I held a grudge against my Science Olympiad coach for promoting another varsity member with less experience and fewer awards than me to becoming a club captain over me.
after being cheated by a business who saw no problem swindling customers
"Someone called me out for stealing something that I did not steal and no matter what I said, no one believed me so I held a grudge and planned to actually steal something from them since they were hell bent on me stealing something."
Against my brother for assuming I was behind my dads decision to write him out of the will. He never bothered to talk to me about it or get my side of the story. Just flat out took someone elses word and went with that. That hurt.
"I still hold a grudge against an old friend. He was talking bad about our other friend behind their back, and I told the other friend what he said. The old friend vehemently denied saying it and attacked me instead of fessing up and admitting he was wrong to do what he did."
A long time friend started pursuing one of my exes shortly after we separated.
I have held a grudge against a close family member for something that damaged me a lot in childhood.
"I have been trying to think of one this whole time, and the best I've managed is with my sister when I was 15 or so. I told her something in confidence that really frightened me and she went and told the whole family and got them to mock me. The only thing that made me choose this moment is that I learned right then not to trust my sister with important things. She was always doing things like that, but this was the first time it really hurt. After that, there was no 'grudge' so to speak, but I never confided in her again, and I worked really hard to become callused to her words and actions. She has hurt my family in countless horrible ways since, and yet, if she truly needed help, I hope I would be able to be there for her."
when i was much younger someone stole some jewelry that was very valuable to me. i found out who they were some time later but nothing ever came of it. i was infuriated for quite some time. i swore if i ever saw them again i would beat them.
When my ex girlfriend cheated on me
I have held a grudge over some childhood bullies. Their words stuck to me for a very long time and that was all I saw in them. After a while the anger faded.
"A significant other repeatedly failed to keep promises, and often backed out on plans last minute without saying anything to me. Each time I would have to actively seek them out for them to tell me that something had come up. I was not upset about the fact that they had emergencies pop up, but I was upset that they didn't think to notify me when they knew I was waiting for them."
I haven't held a grudge since I was a young kid. I believe the last time was in middle school when my house was robbed and a fellow classmate was looking like the guy who did it.
"I recently struggled with holding a grudge when a friend of my partner's behaved very badly. It was only indirectly affecting me, but I was extremely frustrated by his behavior and that everyone let him get away with it without letting him know that his behavior was unacceptable. I still struggle a little with being excited to see him because of it."
I try not to hold grudges and can't think of any
i dont hold grudges
I have held grudges against people when they have purposefully hurt me. However I have learned that it better for the mind to mentally forgive them instead of holding a grudge.
I was heavily manipulated with a past partner. I still don't speak to them
I held a grudge against a friend who said something that was not nice about me.
"I REMEMBER A RACE WHERE A FRIEND TRIPPED SOMEONE, THE RACE WAS STOPPED, IT WAS DECLARED AN ACCIDENT. THE RACE CONTINUED AND SHE WON IT."
"When my friend lied to me about something serious, i held a grudge against her for this"
My mother choosing to leave to go to a different state when she should've been taking care of me.
My girlfriend cheated on me
"My husband's dad asked if I had found a job yet and explained that he knew someone who found one within 2 weeks of being let go.  This was during Covid and I was being picky about what I would do because I was worried about my health.  He said I should be contributing to the household, and that made me really angry."
"I don't hold grudges. I let it go - always forgive, but don't forget what has happened to you."
When people were overtly racist to me and called me a chink
I held a grudge against someone in a romantic relationship who violated my boundaries.
I had a bad childhood because of my uncle.
"In high school, there was an instance where when finishing a group project, we were receiving praise for our good work. One of the individuals in my group stepped forward and claimed most of the praise and took credit for much of our work. I was upset because not only was I not recognized, but I felt like I contributed more to the project than that individual. I held a grudge for about a year before just letting it go, but every time I had to work with the individual following that instance, I was angry and hesitant to do well."
I held a grudge against an ex-partner for many years after he cheated on me.
when my friend stole my money
I have held a grudge against people sometimes when they do something to upset me. I used to not be able to forgive them for their actions but I learned forgiveness is an important part of healing.
When a friend shares something I specifically told them not to
"I held a grudge against someone who acted very arrogantly and rudely at school. He would always act the same way, and ultimately, I gave up on attempting to change his ways. Although I don't hold a grudge anymore, I am still slightly uncomfortable around him."
Believe it or not but I have not held a grudge. I'm too smart for that.
I used to hold grudges when i was younger. But at this time I am free of this type emotion. If I was to hold a grudge it would be against those that caused me emotional harm (this happened recently). I would say I am more apt to avoid these people than to hold onto a grudge.
i was abused and my abuser did not apologize or make amends
When a friend kept an important secret that involved myself
when my friend left me alone for days.
when someone stole my camera and i knew them and they never gave it back
I'm holding a grudge right now about someone I know telling me a white lie.
I am comfortable permenantly excluding emotionally manipulative people from my life.
"I try not to because it doesn't seem healthy. Also, holding a grudge is tiring! The only thing I can think of is that I do have bottled up annoyance at a sibling though who needles me about a particular event in the past and continues to bring it up in front of my parents even though I've told him in private that it makes me uncomfortable. I used to react more strongly but now it feels like such a waste of my time and emotions to let myself be affected by things that have happened in the past (even as they occur in the ongoing present). Whatever. Water off my back."
I held a grudge in college against some suite mates for believing rumors and making false accusations about me.
"When my parents kept lying to me, I still hate them. They never respect me."
I got fired unexpectedly from a nice job with no real explanation.
I lend a friend some money but he refused to pay back
"I held a grudge at an old boss for a long time, who fired me truly unfairly, and put my family and I at risk because of someone else's actions."
I have held a grudge against my brother for stealing money from me.
"I have held a grudge after one of my close friends made a comment that deeply hurt my feelings. Instead of forgiving them, I let it build up into an even bigger issue."
I have held a grudge against a professor for giving me a B+ in band that ruined a straight A semester
when someone hurt my feelings and I felt used and taken advantage of
"I have held a grudge against a girl that I once lived with who was dating one of my best friends at the time. I have been angry at her because she told him that he could not spend any time with me during our senior year of college that was very important to me. I have held the grudge despite being his friend because he admitted to me how influential she was in a negative way on his emotional well being because of her controlling who he could see, and this still upsets me to know that someone caused him that pain."
My neighbor got mad at me for calling animal care services when he left his two dogs in his backyard in a cage designed for one dog in the sun. The dogs had knocked over their water bowl and were in clear distress. The neighbor had a problem with me calling animal care services and got upset with me about it.
I held a grudge when someone I knew tried to forcefully make their way into one of my friend groups
"When I was in my freshman year of high school, I held a grudge against one of my friends for kissing a guy I was seeing. I felt embarrassed and unattractive at the time because of it, as I perceived her as more compelling than me in several ways, but eventually I realized the grudge was holding me back and not doing good for anyone at all, so I let it go."
WHen somone tries to take advantage of me
I remember holding a grudge against someone for bullying me in my high school
A person treated me poorly and berated me
"When a family member did something horrible to me and will not apologize, even though he knows he is in the wrong."
Way back in 2006 I took a 3 month break from playing World of Warcraft and when I came back my guild had been split in half. After learning what the guild master had done I became very furious and angry at him and held a grudge against him for almost 10 years in till I just stopped caring.
i haven't received payment from a job after hurricane katrina
I had a grudge with one of my neighbors because he would throw his garbage in front of my house over and over again.
In College when my best friend got a girlfriend he started to hang out and study less with me and I started to develop a grudge on her because I felt like she was stealing my friend away.
"I have never held a grudge, I let Karma take care of it."
"someone close to me let down a family member. As a result, that family member was alone when they passed away."
I held a grudge against my father for many years due to choices he made that damaged our relationship.
I had a friend that blocked me from getting a promotion at work by telling the supervisor I didnt want it.
When I was betrayed.
a family member told everyone I did not attend an event because I didnt like my sisters husband but I was not there because I had back surgery and could not walk. I have not spoken to that family member since then. Its now been 8 years
When a particular person wish me bad luck
"I introduced a friend (Jason) to a good friend of mine (Gabbie). They hit it off, but he ended up cheating on her numerous times and treating her like crap. All while her mom was on her death bed. It was a bad situation all around and I felt for Gabbie. I wasn't friends with Jason after that."
"I try not to hold grudges, but occasionally if my sisters threw a fit or broke something of mine I might hold a grudge."
Grudge against my inlaws for not treating me right.
"I had a best friend in college and we drifted apart very quickly after college because I realized that she did not really like me that much and only hung out with me out of pity. I learned that she talked behind my back and didn't say nice things about me, therefore, I am still holding a grudge against her because she was not a nice person and was, overall, a very toxic person."
I stopped talking to a family member that made me feel small and unimportant.  They always acted better than me.   I just avoid them even years and years later.
"I hold a grudge against a girl who used to be my roommate and a close friend. She began going through difficult times with her boyfriend and as a result became a horrible friend and roommate. She broke the lease and moved out early, was rude to myself and my friends, and said mean things about me to other people. She never apologized. I know see her posting things on social media with new friends; however, she seems to go through friends quickly. She also posts about having difficulty making friendships. I especially feel like I hold a grudge when I see these posts."
"Oh I have had many, many, many circumstances of holding a grudge. I used to always hold a grudge against my husband when we were first married. We had some major communication issues in the beginning. If he did something that I was hurt by, I would be angry and would hold it over his head. We went to marriage counseling and learned many treasures. Now I have learned to accept mistakes, forgive and let go, and learn for the future. People make mistakes."
When the republican party condemned gay marriage.
My mother was always very over protective of me to the point where it greatly hindered my social life as a child. When I was 18 we had a large fight over it and I ended up leaving home. We held a grudge against each other for over 6 months and did not attempt to reach out or speak to each other that entire time until my dad forced her to reach out to me.
"My cousin stays here sometimes. I asked him to turn a sign over letting me know when he's here in the house or not, or not coming home. He cant seem to do that, so its hard for me to talk to him. I feel he is to selfish to care about my feelings. I don't really hold grudges, I don't think so anyway. It takes to much energy I need for positive things."
I held a grudge for several years in middle school after another kid in my class teased me constantly over time.
my boss's partner didn't like me and i got fired. I have a grudge against my boss's business partner
"My ex coworkers kept stealing my tips even though they were reprimanded.
They acted like they knew it was wrong but kept at it."
When a superior did not follow through with a simple request with great consequence.
"My brother would tell me he was with family at home not doing anything when I asked him to hang out, only to find out that he was out with people he swore he would never talk to again."
I already described it but when my friend went behind my back to sleep with the same guy that I was sleeping with. Don't know what she was trying to do but if she wanted to one up then congratulations I guess because you lost me instead.
"I really don't hold grudges in my day to day life.  It is just not worth the energy to do it in my mind.  The only grudges I would say I have is for athletes that have caused my sports teams to lose or sports teams that have beaten my team.  I would view these as lighter grudges that I really don't think about often, or have any affect on my life."
i can't remember
someone bullied me.
"People who I've considered ""friends"" would make fun of my multiracial identity and would continue to bring it up as one of the only things I brought to our group. Over 10 years later, I am no longer friends but see them educate people on antiracist logic, without recognizing or apologizing for the cause of my own identity crisis in school."
i don't know
i never have done that i thing it is wrong
A friend stole something from me when I was younger. I held a grudge for years and didn't talk to him until they apologized.
someone did me wrong
I have held a grudge when a friend insulted me and spread rumors in front of our friend group when it was a lie.
I have held a grudge at a friend who I though had wronged me yet they didn't see what they did wrong and did not apologize.
A friend skipped out on being in my wedding due to money issues but went on a random trip to Vegas the following month.
"I can't think of any recent grudges I've held, I don't really believe in them."
"Some of my friends asked me if I wanted to go to the mall and I said yeah. They were going to come pick me up at my house. So, I had to put my socks and shoes on and grab my coat and to get my phone and purse. I guess that I took so long that when I got outside they were gone. I was really mad for couple of days, because they didn't even try to come back and get me."
"I held a grudge after somebody interrupted me in the middle of a story to say ""Don't care"" and turned away."
I got scammed by someone I looked up to
I held a grudge once when my partner did not complete his work for an assignment that we had to complete together for a class we were taking. I was upset and had to do everything by myself and I held a grudge against him after that.
"I often hold grudges on past exes, as I have a strong emotional reaction to rejection and heartbreak. For my most recent ex, I felt his dishonesty about his fear of commitment was a betrayal of our relationship, and therefore I struggled with holding a grudge against him."
"Fortunately, I do not hold a grudge against anyone, or there has not been any circumstance where this feeling has surfaced."
I had a friend ghost me and not talk to me for years without telling me why
"During elementary school, I made a joke and someone told the teachers even though it was a harmless joke. I got sent home that day and held a grudge against that kid. During recess the next day, when he bumped into me I made it seem like a big thing and got him into trouble."
"I have held a grudge against the midwife whom attended my home birth. The midwife did not believe me when I called to tell her that I was in labor. As a result, she arrived to my child's birth a few minutes before he was born.  Her excuse and reasoning was that I hadn't been ""screaming enough"" when I called her, and therefore it seemed unlikely I was actually in labor."
"When a classmate sold my textbook instead of giving it back to me, I held a grudge."
I have never really held a grudge against someone. I guess I was upset at the parents of a child who had bullied my child and still prefer not to interact with their family.
I held a grudge when I was younger when someone violated a member of my family.  I have long since learned the coping mechanisms to release those feelings
"I can't say I have held a grudge in my adult life, but when I was a teenager I held a grudge for a long time against a friend of mine who cheated with my then boyfriend."
Money dispute between a friend and I
I held a grudge for a while because a so-called friend of mine cheated my brother in a real estate deal. He charged unnecessary fees just to get a bigger commission.
When my x wife over schedules my kids at the expense of my time with them.
i havent i say what i have to say and im done with the situation.
I shared a secret story of someone's with my best friend and then he shared that story with others.
During a divorce where the recent spouse told falsehoods about me to leverage her position with family.
I once held a grudge on a girl for cheating on me.
I held a grudge when a partner broke up with me hours after my father died.
"there are no grudges I currently hold as I think it is too much work on my part to hold one. I have learn to let things go and move on. Holding a grudge is not worth it. In the past I have held grudges when someone said something mean or rude to me, but there really was no reason for me to still hold on to them as time has passed and those people are no longer relevant to my life."
"My dad was pretty shit when i was growing up, so i hold a grudge"
"I've not held a grudge too often. I'd say I still hold a lack of forgiveness for an ex who took a lot of money and never paid back even a little and who I know now still takes money from other people. But if I spend time thinking about it, it's not worthwhile: I'll never get that money back, and so it's not worth my time and energy. I'd say it's perhaps more 'poor feelings' I hold, but if it was considered a grudge, I guess that'd be it."
When I was younger I would hold grudges against people who were mean or otherwise unfair to me.  I would refuse to associate with those people.
"I was in a discussion that turned into an argument because the other side were not defending their viewpoint with fact, they just repeated the same sentence and brought up viewpoint unrelated to the discussion. I got angry and because of that was viewed in th wrong when it was clear that I was made to be angry. Even though everyone knew that, I was still made to be the person in the wrong and the person who caused it was protected by others even though they understood that they were the cause of the situation"
One of my best friends slept with a guy that I was speaking to.
My girlfriend physically abused me for a year
When I was insulted by a friend over a misunderstanding. He confronted me over was I didn't do. I felt angry because as my friend he was supposed to ask me not be confrontation.
"I have held a grudge when my former friend would want to hang out, but she would invite do something messed up that none of my other friends would do out of respect. One time she invited someone else without seriously asking in advance. Another time, she invited me to visit her and her friend, but when it was almost time for me to come she said she was too busy and that we should definitely hang out later that weekend. Of course, that Sunday she said she had scheduled too many activities and had to return to home out of state, but we would definitely hang out next time."
I was mad a someone for doing something to me.
"I have never held a grudge against anyone, but I was really angry at someone who recklessly put an entire shift of production on hold."
"When I was 8.5 months pregnant I was in a car wreck. My husband was out of town and I was sent to my local hospital for overnight observation. My husband went down to the hotel bar and got so wasted, I couldn't get in contact with him until the next day."
"My niece has a variety of mental illnesses. She spread through social media (which i don't use, which makes it even more annoying) and through our personal social circle that i am a drug addict and that i abuse my child. I do neither of those things, at all! All because I asked her to move her parked car so my child's bus could pull up to my driveway. A grudge was held and is still being held because she is a moron."
For a betrayal by a partner
I purchased a car from a dealership and they screwed me with my contract and slipped in some erroneous costs. I had my warranty shifted to a new dealership and some other things because I refuse to work with the dealership I bought the car from.
my partner cheated on me
"I had a friend of 18 years just stop talking to me for no reason. I tried to reach out on several occasions to talk to this person and see what they think ""I did"" to warrant their actions. Over time, I gave up on trying to contact them. Then I had a mutual friend say I should reach out because that person has 'too much pride'. I never reached out as it seemed worthless, and also, why should I be the one to reach out when I have no idea what ""I did""? If they can't be mature enough to talk, then I guess I'll have to act the same way."
When someone started arguing with me and ignored my opinion on it. Shouting over my argument and not letting myself think about what I think.
I held a grudge against my sister when she did some hurtful things and never acknowledged she did them and when I confronted her so she said I deserved it.
"I thing held a grudges, deep ones, that can last a lifetime. Many are unable to let go of the anger we feel towards those who “wronged” them in the past, even though they may have a strong desire and put in a concerted effort to do so."
"I have a friend who started ranting and raving to me about how I'm not a supportive friend. She sent me whole paragraph messages about how I went a few weeks without seeing her (I had college classes and was busy). She said if I didn't want to be such a close friend anymore to just let her know and then she'll understand that we could go back to distant friendships. All the while, every time we would spend time together it would have to be ME driving to her house, she would only want to hang out when it was comfortable for her, everything was always on her schedule and preferences. Essentially, our friendship only existed if I made any effort, and if I didn't, then it was nonexistent. Then she had to gall to call me a bad friend and blame everything on me when she couldn't be bothered to put in any effort."
Someone lied and said I talked shit about a girl I liked she liked me. He wanted her so made up stuff that I never said
I once held a grudge on a colleague because he stole my work and submitted it ahead of me. I felt really bad he could do that to me. I had spent time and energy coming up with that piece of work
My god daughter was just almost a year old and the mother allowed her friend to watch my god children and the woman locked herself in the bedroom with the baby the older child said he heard the baby crying a lot. We found out the woman had molested her and I will never like this person again.
"That’s a long story, but to make it very short I had someone spread lies about me to try and undermine a business I have been working on for 20 years"
"I had a good friend that had become increasingly selfish and offensive in their decisions and remarks that have both hurt my feelings and wallet. Unfortunately, my friend group still tolerates him and keeps him around. Early last year, he made a racist remark about the pandemic and he immediately was moved onto my ""do not entertain"" list and I have continued to hold a grudge against him to date."
"When I was young I held a grudge against someone that was selected as leader of an activity over me. In retrospect, this was wrong and was a learning experience."
Someone lied about something and did not admit it
"I could describe so many circumstances where I held a grudge, especially when I was a child, for example one time a friend of mine broke my lego"
"When a then-boyfriend continuously broke his promises to me, refused to talk to me or open up about himself or the promises he made, and tried to move on without considering my feelings."
I once held a grudge against a friend due to a dispute on the playground in elementary school. He didn't follow the rules for the game we were playing an no one else noticed so I held a grudge against him because of that.
An example of me holding a grudge that i still do till this day is the resentment i have towards the man that killed my sister. I will always hold a grudge against him and the system as they have let me and my family down; losing a beautiful soul.
A boyfriend of my sister's ransacked our house while we were in the process of moving and pawned a few personal items of mine. He then went on to call CPS on my sister and myself when she refused to help him acquire narcotics. This is someone I have complete distaste for and would be happy to never hear about again.
I have held a grudge against some kids who were mean to my friend in high school. I still think poorly of those people.
someone was stalking me but refusing to talk to me personally
"I was deceived by a friend, I forgave him, but I still remember about it."
me and my sister when we were younger held a grudge over cloths
"I was bullied in high school by a group of ""friends"" and I held a grudge against them during all of high school because of how they treated me."
"I suppose I really have a lot of ill-will towards my parents due to the trauma and emotional neglect they caused me, which is why I gave this as an example on the previous page. I'm still not sure if I'd be willing to forgive them."
When fiancée cheated on me
i have held a grudge to person whos make joke that make everyone feels that i'm crazy a lot of times
NA
"If your father had left you at a young age , so he could be with another person who has a child from someone else. And has decided that is more important to take care of that child but not his own."
"My daughter is a kind and caring person and a wonderful friend. She values the friendships she has, emotionally connects with the people she loves, and looks out for them. In grade school, she had a group of friends that she was extremely close with. She did everything for them - including listening to all their problems, keeping their secrets, and looking out for them - like throwing a birthday party for someone who never had one. At some point, the one girl became really popular. This girl had been awkward most of the time in grade school. She was different and no one really wanted to talk to her. My daughter befriended her and because her home life was hard she spent sometimes days and weeks at a time in my house, until she decided that becoming the rebellious, loud teenager that drew attention to herself was the way to go. When this happened she decided that she had outgrown my daughter and viciously cut her out of the friend group The way she went about it was very cruel and was actually a formulated thought out plan. Nothing could have prepared me for the pain my daughter faced. I still hold a grudge against that girl - though my daughter has risen far above that time."
"I hold grudges when people who aren't very close to me repeat an offensive action multiple times after asking them to change their actions. I don't like when someone strings me along. My time is just as valuable as others yet, constantly, people tell me they'll be here at a certain time. They don't show up on time and only gave me the earlier time as a ruse to get me to wait longer. then, after waiting hours, they change their mind and don't show up at all. Then they want to make plans for the next day to do the same thing to me. If this gets repeated after asking them to be honest with their arrival times, I block their number never to hear from them again. I sometimes wish I could have them as part of my life but, there are lots of people who DO respect my time and not take me for granted. I just have to find other friends."
"Kind of personal, but my father had a drug addiction years back. I wanted him to overcome it so badly, but there were days I would come home from school only to find that he had succumbed to his addiction yet again. I resented him for it every time it happened, but looking back I know that he struggled greatly and was really trying his best."
My friend ordered a pizza that was too small so I offered mine and before I knew it he had eaten the whole pizza. I never said that he could have it all but he argued that I said so. I ended up eating the small one and it had pepperoni as a topping which is nasty.
Someone costing me an account for work just because they were jealous.
When I care about other people's feelings.
Someone was not treating a family member nicely.
When my parents looked after my older brother
When a friend of mine cheated me
I have never forgiven an old friend who outed me to my family as bisexual. She never apologized and I am still angry years later and will not be able to forgive her.
"A VERY CLOSE FRIEND TOOK AN OPPORTUNITY THAT WAS MYSELF, SPEAKING BADLY ABOUT ME AND BLAME ME FOR SOMETHING"
Someone tried to buy our house and lied to us and pretended to that they would be doing some repairs on it and would be buying it themselves. They then went online in a different city and listed the property for sale for much more than they were going to pay us for it. They continued to pretend to use that they would be the homeowners as they dragged out the process.
My sister has said some hurtful words in one of our arguments
I held a grudge towards my best friend when she didn't take my side when I left my abusive husband.
"When I was cheated on, after the breakup, I held a grudge for a while but eventually realized that I just needed to let it go and move on."
"Things are different now from when I was a kid. I would like to think I am more forgiving now, yet I never forget when someone has wronged or hurt me. But when I was I child, I held a grudge against one of my friends for continuing to mock me after I had hurt myself even though I had asked him to stop. He didn't, and naturally we didn't speak for a long time. Eventually we made up, mostly due to my actions, but that was a long time ago."
When a boyfriend cheated on me
after an argument with a neighbor
Thanks for the A2A  Brittany I don't waste my  time holding grudges. Hatred negatively  affects the person who hates  yet has no effect  whatsoever  on the object of
"I'm still holding a grudge. My husband's brother took advantage of us and their family to a degree that's just unfathomable. Not only did he fake having cancer to get money and sympathy from his former employer as well as his family, he cost my husband and I a lot of money due to not paying rent for over a year and when we finally were able to evict him, he ruined the house we had rented to him. He continued to lie and manipulate us even through the whole process. He then went to jail for hitting someone continuously with an object and causing substantial damage to their face. He then stole money from his parents, lied consistently to them, and damaged their property. He continues to do this to other people while we have cut him out of our lives for good. He continuously claimed that it wasn't drug related because if it were, we would be more than willing to aid in getting him help. The family is now completely broken and if he ever gets his shit together, it will be a cold day in hell for me to ever forgive and let him back in to my family as too much has happened."
"It happened in my place of work, whereby I checked for the CEO of our company but she is not in sit so after I left an alarm was raised that she is looking for some cash in her office, one of my colleague insisted that I was the one who took the cash but am not she is just trying to blackmail me but after all we rewind the cameras in the office and it was clearly seen that am not the one and the money is not stolen instead it's not well kept by CEO. Because of that I held a grudges towards my colleague but with God everything was settled peacefully."
"I found out that the wife of my first boyfriend, who I cared for a great deal (he asked but I didn't marry him because I considered myself too young) had been emotionally abusive (she is emotionally disregulated and alcoholic, used their kids against him... ) to him for a long time.  When I heard about his circumstances, I was so angry and I wished that I had married him at the time.  Perhaps, it was partly out of regret, but I wished that the lady would suffer like she made him suffer."
A time where I have held a grudge is when my best friend growing up became friends with a girl she knew I really did not like because she had bullied me in the past.
"At a time when I was assisting and helping a friend but just for a particular time I needed her help, she bluntly told me she can't help me and this made me hold grudges with her which lasted for over a year."
A friend of mine when I was younger lied about me to cover him. This is one of the only times I’ve ever held a grudge on someone.
"I tend to take after my grandfather and carry my anger long after it's healthy.  I had a show-down with my niece and her preacher husband about some books I was keeping for their church.  I had tried for months to get some sit down time with them to discuss some problems that I saw.  When that finally happened it wasn't pretty and I was attacked for all of my personal flaws including the fact that I was pretty narcissistic thinking a busy pastor was just supposed to drop everything to meet with me.  The church had approximately 20 members at that time.  I lost my relationship with my niece that day.  I still see that fight when I run into her.  I know that I should be able to let it go but the fact that they ambushed me so that we wouldn't have to deal with the books, which of course was the last I ever saw of them, still really hurts and like I said I have a hard time letting go of anger."
i have held a grudge when someone does something hurtfil emtionally or physically to me or my family and dont take responsibility for their actions
I've held a grudge when my older brother was awarded ice cream for cheating me in a task given by my parents.
when i can't go out
"My older sister wanted my grandmother dead. My grandmother never did anything wrong and when she was rude, it was because she was ill (kidney failure, heart failure, etc). She ended up passing away and the night she did, my older sister called her friends in the street, laughing and celebrating her death."
"As I mentioned previously, while I've certainly experienced unfairness and unkind behavior from some others, I'm not a grudge-holder. I try to think things through, and acknowledge their wrong actions (or inactions), but in the end I try to move on with my life. I don't want the resentment to drag me down. They did what they did. They will have to live with it, and sometimes, they end up apologizing. But the onus is on them."
"I invited my friend to visit me while I was studying at college during the summer. As the date she was supposed to visit got closer (for other reasons) I got more and more depressed. I isolated my self from my housemates and friends. She tried to communicate about coming to visit, and I never responded. I didn't want to have to interact with anyone. We haven't talked since, two years. I feel bad about it, but I don't really want to talk to her about what I went through and I'm not sure anything else can explain the silence."
"When I  can fill me with bitterness, keep my stuck in the past and even lead to anxiety"
"When I do not do anything, I do not success then I get held a grudge"
When  I do not success then I get held a gurdge
someone caused harm to me and i lost trust in that person
I held a grudge against a girl who broke my heart.
"A person showed continuous disrespect for women, especially those with whom he had sexual or romantic relationships."
"I hold a grudge against my brother-in-law for relying on others to improve his life, while putting forth no effort to better his situation."
i hold a grudge against my father who left the house when i was 6
When I was little I would get in trouble for doing stuff and my little brother wouldn't.
"I've held grudges on people from high school that bullied me, but those people have gone on to become bad people, so I have no reason to let go of the grudge. They clearly are the same people they used to be."
I held a grudge against my own mother because she chose a life of drugs over me repeatedly as a child.
when i had been hurt about a certain situation so i make sure it doesn't happen again
Held a grudge against a sibling who got our Mom kicked out of an apartment she was living in for no reason other than a personal vendetta.
Somebody criticized my actions.
"A friend stopped talking to me for no apparent reason, or wouldn't tell me the reason"
"I held a grudge against my sister when she tried to kick my cat one time because she was angry at me. We did not talk for a month, as it was extremely inappropriate for her to have tried to maliciously hurt an animal to hurt me."
I had someone embarrass me in a doctor's office and I never forgot it.
I have held a grudge with one of my friends who treated me so poorly- It was a toxic friendship and I ended up cutting them out of my life completely
"A guy I worked with remained friends with a sexual predator, and everyone I worked with was okay with that. I wasn't so I refused to work shifts with him and I still have a low opinion of him."
When a friend violated my trust.
Maybe in high school? It's been so long and I hate it so much I can't remember.
Ex-boyfriend who liked to spread rumors.
NA
When I was younger and my sister stole something of mine or ruined something
I don’t think I ever have held one
"once i had a subleaser at my house for a few months, and he trashed the place and generally lived as if it was his house and had no regard for me or the other tenants. i was mad at him for being rude and still am"
"My parents didn't defend me in a room full of adult family members who upset me, a kid. I held a grudge against everyone in that room either for their actions or inaction."
I usually only hold grudges when someone owes me money and starts showing me disrespect. It's a sign they're usually trying to save their dollars and steal mine.
Someone bullied my brother and left a bruise on his neck
"Against a family member. Years of put-downs, physical abuse, and gaslighting for as long as I can remember there's no fixing it."
When I was younger a friend kept not returning any of my calls/texts so I eventually cut her out and said I would never talk to her again
"When someone caused a major upheaval within our family dynamics, causing numerous people to talk talk to one another."
When someone would not admit to their wrong-doings and did not show any empathy. They thought that they were always in the right.
I hold a grudge over someone repeatedly disrespecting my boundaries
A former boss who wanted to fire me and not provide any support (I was a 2nd year teacher).
When my friend lied to me about something and thought it was okay.
"I have held a grudge when I was a kid, when a group of my peers ignored me and tried to ostracize me from their group. I got really angry at them, and to this day, I still don't talk to them that much."
I held a grudge for many years against someone who hurt my feelings in high school before realizing I was the only one who was caught up the situation and it was a waste of my time and thoughts.
A time when I was betrayed by a close friend
"When someone has wronged me in some way, anger is a natural reaction. If what happened is especially painful — or if the person who hurt you is unwilling to take responsibility — i may start to form a grudge against that person."
When someone intentionally spoke to me in a way they knew would be harmful and then acted as if nothing happened.
"Someone would only talk to me pleasantly when people she respected were around. As soon as it was just the two of us in a room she would their talk bad about me to my face or completely ignore any of the questions I would politely ask her. She even talked to my husband as if he was not married and shocked that he could even be married to me. I stopped talking to her or trying to make friends with her and (wrongfully) talked bad about her behind her back or made fun of her ""instagram model"" shoots with my husband."
"I held a grudge against a friend of mine for getting together with a girl whom I had a crush on, but I eventually got over it because I felt like that was a stupid reason to hold a grudge for."
When I was a kid I held a grudge with other kids so many time for insignificant things when playing because I was not aware of what I was doing
An ex-girlfriend purposely broke my windshield because I broke up with her.
"I lent something to someone and they agreed to return it, but they never returned it even though they knew I wanted and expected it back."
over girlfriends and friends
"I have a circumstance where I expressed having a problem with something someone did and they have never spoken to me again.  I expressed it in a very calm way.  It makes me mad they didn't value our friendship more than to talk it out with me.  So,  I guess we both hold a grudge."
Being raped by a family member
"When someone I was very close to in the past manipulated me emotionally, made me feel horrible and leaked situations and photographies that I trusted them with."
My sister had me thrown in jail for something she did in my name.
"I had a family member that was very mentally abusive, and I decided to cut them out of my life."
My father left my family several years ago and I have a grudge against him for that.
"A teammate in a video game often showboats. I tend to snap at them when they're ""look at me, look at me"" behavior accumulates."
"A friend I have had for 16 years has been a friend on Facebook as well as in life. She has been posting the lies that she hears from Trump and Fox all over her page. She has called my candidate, Joe Biden a child molester, a rapist, mentally unfit. She has cut down all Democrats including Speaker Nancy Pelosi and others. She has become totally nasty and the last straw was when she said that Nancy Pelosi should kneel and pray over the veteran that died in the Capital Building riot. I find that insane considering those same people wanted to kidnap and publically hang or shoot her on National Television. I can't discuss politics with her, I ended the friendship and have decided it is in my best interest to walk away."
"when my trust was broken by secrets shared with others
"
A friend wouldn't let go of my past and counted the times where I made mistakes so I held grudges against her in spite
A classmate stalked me and sent me a death threat after I warned people that he was abusive.
I have held a grudge about childhood abuse that protects me and is enabling me to heal and cut ties with my abusers as an adult.
When my coworker who was not my boss tried to boss me around.
A friend betrayed me
I was bullied by a girl in high school and now still can't forgive them and try to avoid them if possible. I am still angry about it
I have held a grudge against an old co worker for spreading a false rumor about me.
When I was bullied in 8th grade
I would have to say... this one occurrence when my brother stole money from me.
"Someone reneged on a lease agreement only a few weeks after it was signed, because of political viewpoints."
"When I babysat a whole summer for my aunt and uncle when I was in 7th grade. Their kids were 2 and 4. I spent the whole summer living with my aunt and uncle taking care of my cousins, feeding them, babysitting, doing laundry, cleaning while my aunt and uncle worked. When I got older I found out my aunt had complained to my parents and other family about my time spent with them, saying hurtful things about me, and I had no idea. When I found out, I was an adult and have never forgot that. My aunt and uncle have forgotten, but I always remember and it is a grudge."
"When I was little, the mother of one of my friends was rude to me, my family and other families on the basis of bigotry. I hold a grudge against that woman."
I don't hold grudges; they personally do nothing for me.
I was repeated hurt by someone I loved and they were not remorseful about it.
"I've had previously held a grudge due to heartbreak when I found out I was cheated on and lied to by an old girlfriend. Now, and after many years, I'm able to forgive her, but we haven't spoken since."
My mother betrayed my trust by going through some of my private belongings. I held a grudge for a long time until I had to live with her again. I found it emotionally easier to forgive once I had to live with her again.
I have held a grudge against someone who stood me up for a date after they confirmed with me that they were going to call me and hang out with me and I waited all day for them to reach out.
"I confess that I have held many grudges throughout my life and continue to hold some! I still hold a grudge against a woman who mocked me unkindly at a public gathering, showing photos of a wedding she had attended. The bride, who was a mutual friend of ours, was present at this gathering. In front of the bride, she rubbed it in by saying to me loudly, ""But YOU weren't invited, were you?"""
"I've held a grudge when a ""friend"" showed their true colors, and stopped hanging out with me in favor of the ""cool kids."""
I once held a grudge against someone for introducing my friends to heroin.
a friend borrowed money and purposely forgot they owed me
My boyfriend cheated on me for 3 months and I found out from the boyfriend of the girl he cheated with.
"When I saw someone being insulting to my child, I was personally offended and angry at the other person. They refused to apologize, and I held a grudge because of that."
"i've had one of my best friends start dating my other best friend so that she could get closer to me, which was really creepy because we'd all hang  out together all the time and i had rejected her romantic inquiry several times before. using someone to try to pretend to date me is disgusting, and i can never forgiver her for it"
I have held a grudge before when someone hurt me and didn't care.
When my cousin was saying some nasty things about my other cousin from jealousy.
I held a grudge once when I made cookies and before I even got to eat one my brother dumped them on to the floor because we got into a fight over something dumb.
I have never held a single grudge in my life.
My ex-husband abandoned me and my kids through his actions and no fault of my own
When my friend invited everyone to hangout and left me out knowing that I was free.
Someone I love was murdered. The murderer spent time in prison. That person is now out living his life while we do not have our loved one. This criminal did not even know the person he murdered. It was a crime to just commit. I don't think I will ever understand the why or how another human can do that. I will die holding a grudge against this individual. No matter if he's redeemed himself. My loved one will never come back. His mother will never be able to see her son again. Nothing this murderer does will ever change the harm and hurt he caused. He should not be out of prison in my opinion.
"Well, get this: One time I was asked to create a product for a client in return for payment. It took a month of hard work. At the end of that month, I delivered the product to them, and they stopped communicating and refused to pay me the amount we agreed upon. That was a month of my life wasted."
"I currently hold a minor grudge against someone that works in the same office that I do (different departments, do not consider him a coworker) after overhearing him speak very negatively about LGBT people. Before hearing him say what he said, I used to talk with him about once a day about non-work-related things. Now I don't speak to him at all and avoid him if possible."
"When someone told a lie on me to get me out of the way, they made others believe what wasnt true and their side sounded very convincing, but had many lies"
"Growing up, my mother was never really a part of my life and when she was, it was typically heartbreaking to me. One time she had promised to take me to a theme park that was near us. I was excited as I'd never been and was looking forward to it. When the day we were supposed to go came my mother was a no-show and yet again I was heartbroken by her. For this I hardened my heart and didn't allow myself to look forward to her for anything again."
"I've held a grudge after a family member treated me very poorly because of the medical conditions I have, after I gave them extensive explanations and several chances to be better."
My mom wouldn't let me move in with her when I was being abused.
"My second week at work, a particular co-worker has always taken me for granted and never acknowledged whatever I contribute or say in our team. I was new there, so I really didn’t go all out on her for that reason. I eventually did talk to her about it weeks later after I’ve fully settled in at work and since then we’ve been good."
"as a freshmen,I was roomates with 3 guys that played every kind of trick on me, constantly. Having thoughts of ""getting back at"" will destroy you."
When a friend went to social media to complain about me instead of confronting me.
When someone else got a promotion that I perceived they didn't deserve.
I have held a grudge in situations where it was obvious that the person had no desire to change their behavior and intended to keep harming me. I distanced myself from that person and have had no further interactions with them.
"I had someone who did something really stupid, they removed an antenna from my car and broke it. My boyfriend put his antenna off his car on mine and it broke his antenna for good."
when my friends did not invite me to a weekend out
"Someone was a jerk to me for a long time, and I finally got fed up with it."
none
I never did
None that I can think of.