friend accidentally hurts feelings
NA
"You shouldn't hold a grudge over something petty, like not getting back $10 you were promised."
If someone acknowleges this mistakes and sincerely apologies
"Someone has beaten you in fair competition, or due to chance."
"A circumstance where it is wrong to hold a grudge is one where an act was unintentional and not done out of malice. If something negative was done accidentally or committed by someone who does not have the mental faculties to be deemed socially responsible, it is unfair and incorrect to hold a grudge."
I think if you hold a grudge against someone for something they didn't do... that's not so great.
If someone did something that hurt me but ultimately was for my best interest.
It would be wrong to hold a grudge if the person is genuinely remorseful and actively working to do better in the future.
When someone has not wronged you.
Accidental mistake
"when the circumstance was a ""one-off"", and unlikely to occur again"
When you are using the grudge in order to seek vengeance on another.
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge for a petty reason such as someone taking an item that you wanted.
"I always think it is wrong to hold a grudge, albeit, sometimes understandable."
When it is beyond the control of the other person. An example could be when someone unintentionally someone in an act where there was no control over the situation.
when it was a harmless mistake and there was a valid reason for their actions
When the person who harmed you did not intend to.
Someone accidentally causes your phone to fall off the edge of the couch.
when you are being sensitive and being overly sad
If someone makes up with you and makes things right (or tries their best) a person should not hold a grudge
"If someone hurt you by accident or on purpose but acknowledge their actions, whether they apologize or not, the grudge is 'wrong' (doesn't serve a purpose)."
"If there is something small and petty that you aren't really affected by, it seems weird to hold a grudge. I think that would just do more damage to you."
"I believe it is wrong to hold a grudge when an action is performed out of ignorance, such as if a kid were to make an insensitive comment to an adult."
Someone taking gum from you
"Another person was given a promotion over you, deservedly so. If you are beat fair and square, there's no reason to hold a grudge."
"It is wrong to hold a grudge over minor offenses that don't matter much in the grand scheme of things and/or with people who have little impact on your life. For example, if some random person is rude on the subway, it's not worth the stress of animosity over someone who you'll probably never see again."
All of them.  It is useless.
"It is right to hold a grudge if the way they have been wronged is something that affects their short term plans, like taking the last bagel."
Over petty matters.
I think it's wrong if you were in the wrong and are placing the blame on someone not responsible
Holding a grudge because someone did not buy you a gift that was the same amount you spent on them.
If someone did something stupid such as a prank or made a joke that you didn't like but didn't cause any harm.
"When you are affected by the actions of someone who made a honest mistake and offers forgiveness and retribution, but one still would hold a grudge."
someone gets a promotion instead of you for extenuating circumstances
over a petty fight
Anything relating to money. Money comes and goes and it causes so many arguements
"A friend of mine in a position to provide employment to me or other candidates, ends up choosing a person other than me because he or she is a better fit for the position."
If it was an accident.
"If the incident doesn't reveal a pattern of behavior, or the injury is less than the distress holding a grudge is causing me."
Against a friend or acquaintance you regularly choose to interact with.
If someone accidentally hurts your feelings.
When you are dealing with a child or a person with an intellectual disability or when the person is truly sorry.
It is wrong to hold a grudge to your parents even if they did something you do not like.
If a friend does something to you accidentally and they didn't have an intention to do that.
When someone disagrees with a religion or points out negative behavior of said religion.
"If something is accidental, I don't think you should really hold a grudge against someone. If we go along the same line of thinking with a group project, it wouldn't be okay to hold a grudge is someone had a family emergency that prevented them from completing their part of the project and they were upfront about their circumstances. In that case, they're not trying to do anything wrong, so it's not appropriate to hold a grudge."
"Always. Live and let live, and if necessary respond. Grudges are a burden on the mind that perverts thinking."
"When the person has not acted with bad intention, for example, the ideology of a person can make him believe that he is doing the right thing, and it is also something that we must understand"
"In cases where there are isolated scenarios or minor inconveniences, like someone being a little dishonest to get a job that you didn't get one time, or your roommate continually not washing the dishes."
when you have no evidence to support your grudge
"I don’t think it is wrong to hold a grudge, but rather a waste of energy to the person holding it."
When someone cuts you off in traffic.
I think it is not okay to hold a grudge when something that happened was not on purpose or was uncontrollable.
"Holding a grudge against a suitor of your ex-girlfriend. You and your ex are friends and understand why you guys just aren't meant to be together. What is messed up is that you hate her romantic partner or hold a grudge against them when you and your ex agreed that you guys aren't meant to be. To me, that is very petty and is the wrong way to hold a grudge"
When a person is unable to follow through on a commitment
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge if an honest mistake was made and actions were taken to correct it. For example, I once accidentally left our office unlocked after being the last one to leave. I was reprimanded respectfully and took steps to ensure it did not happen again. My boss should not hold a grudge in this situation."
If someone does something that hurts someone on accident.
If it involves something very minor like forgetting to bring the co-workers coffee.
"If something minor, or accidental, happens, you shouldn't hold a grudge. Small things or accidents are not worth long-term bad feelings. Additionally, it isn't as indicative of the person being bad."
If someone does something insignificant by mistake and it negatively affects you.
"little things, minor intrigues"
"I feel that it’s wrong to hold a grudge when the offending party has already asked or offered forgiveness, or shown true contrition in regards to the act committed. Or, when no act has truly been committed at all, and the grudge is from a perceived/false slight."
"I think it's always wrong to hold a grudge because, again, it only hurts the person who is holding it, not the object of their ire. Though I will say I've seen people purposely avoid closure and acceptance in order to keep holding a grudge and that is definitely wrong. It makes me reflect on the idea that anger can be addictive, and that's scary."
"I believe grudges shouldn't be held until the person that performed the wrongdoing refuses to change their ways. After all, it might have been a misunderstanding, an accident, or an action that the person regrets doing."
"When someone made a genuine mistake, i.e. your sister ate your sandwich not knowing it was yours"
"If someone makes an honest mistake, meaning they may have done something unintentional once or maybe even twice."
It is wrong to hold a grudge against someone who you just don't like for no real good reason.
"I think when it doesn't cause harm, it is more trouble to hold a grudge."
Disagreement
Every time
Holding grudges for things that are accidents. Holding grudges for things that happened while playing a game. Holding grudges for things someone thought would be funny and ended up hurting you with (but they feel bad and never intentionally meant to cause harm).
If the other party hurt you on accident and has no intention doing it again.
"All the time. Forgiveness is important
"
If someone accidentally harms another and seeks to make it right.
If nothing is done
"When the problem is not as serious, say a argument or having various ideals."
If someone does something on accident
"It is wrong to hold a grudge where the other party is not responsible for what happened to you (i.e., when you wararntlessly blame getting in trouble at work on them)."
If it was clearly a accident.
All situations. We should forgive as Jesus forgave us.
For almost every thing where there is a problem it is not ok to solve it with holding a grudge.
Petty reasons.
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge if its a circumstance in which someone accidentally offended someone and apologized for it or upset/let sonmeone down because of external circumstances that were out of that persons control. For example if Friend A was late to friend B's birthday party because there was a car accident in front of them and they got stuck in traffic and couldn't call then I do not think Friend B should hold a grudge, especially if Friend A apologises for missing the event."
I do not think it is right to hold a grudge in the instance of someone forgetting a meeting or event that was special to you.
when someone unintentionally did something wrong to you
Every reason I could think of is wrong to hold a grudge. I think it's important to communicate and heal from things that would normally lead to holding grudges.
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge if people have apologized and. accepted the apology.
If a person is well-intentioned but makes mistakes.
it is always wrong to hold a grudge
When you ask a coworker for help and they say they can't. Then you find out they have lots of work to do in a short timeframe.
When they have apologized.
"possibly where the person accidentally wronged you, such as having to make a tough choice which negatively affected you"
"It may be wrong to hold a grudge for something trivial, such as someone cutting in line in front of you."
When someone apologized for what they've done.
"Holding a grudge from something that happened years ago like being very angry at an ex-lover.  For example, an ex-boyfriend asking her best friend out on a date years later, even though the couple broke up in high school."
If someone disliked something you wore
"when you know that person is truly sorry for what they have done and it was not intentional.  Also if you have chose to forgive someone for their actions, you should not hold a grudge because you made the choice to forgive."
I think it’s wrong to hold a grudge over insignificant issues.
Any accidental circumstance.
When you can forgive them or they can reverse what they've done.
i don't know
when someone doesnt do something they promised
when you dont let go things that are way in the past and neither you or the other part had a way of doing things differently
I believe it is wrong to hold grudges because they do not benefit either party.
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge if someone hurts you in a way that is tame and accidental.
when the circumstances were out of the control of the person who I am holding a grudge against.
when the focus of your grudge has sought forgiveness from you and attempted to find common ground or peace
Calling someone over to help you out and they just end up causing a mess of things that you did not want things to end up.
Its wrong to hold a grudge against someone who is more successful than you are.
It is wrong to hold a grudge when both parties are in the wrong.
A friend forgot to wish you a happy birthday.
If someone cuts you off in traffic.
"Holding a grudge is often over really stupid things. Like, 'someone took the last doughnut, even when I had my name on the box.' or reading emotions into a text conversation that was completely misinterpreted. I hear of my friends doing this sometimes and it is just sad how they are so willing to terminate a relationship based on so little."
like i said in my pervious response. i feel it is always wrong to hold a grudge. life is too short to waste time like that. positivity and forgiveness lead to much better feelings for yourself.
When it wasn't so bad and the person apologized
In situations that were not in anyone's control. When you choose to blame someone out of convenience but it was really not anyone's fault.
"It is wrong to hold a grudge against someone for something outside of their control. For example, if someone missed an event such as a birthday or date because of a family emergency. That would not be something to hold a grudge against."
Petty disagreements are mishaps.
I think it is always wrong to hold a grudge. It is healthier for everyone if grudges can be released - it is bad for a person to be holding that much stress and anger within themselves!
When someone makes an honest mistake
when someone didnt mean to say something bad about someone it just slipped ppl make mistakes
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge in a situation where someone accidentally hurt you, especially if the person has apologized and tried to make it right."
A coworker left a station messy
I think it's always wrong to hold a grudge. Life is too short.
"IF SOMEONE WON A RACE, FAIR AND SQUARE"
"If you don't know the full story or hear something from someone else that makes you hold a grudge, I don't think you have the right to hold a grudge in this situation, since you don't have the full firsthand story."
If someone was late to a party.
When someone doesn't do anything bad to you
If someone is late for an event or forgets about something that is planned.
It's always wrong to do it in my opinion.
"When honest mistakes arise, over minor incidents with no lasting consequences"
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge if the offender has sincerely apologized and/or changed his actions.
It's wrong actually wrong to hold grudges
"When you are wronged by an individual, but it is not necessarily their fault nor was it their intention to wrong you."
If the person who wronged you apologized and is trying to do better.
I don't ever think it is wrong but you should try to move past grudges
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge against someone who made a small mistake. For example, I have seen lots of friendships end over small things that in the long run will not even matter."
If things were done unintentionally
It is wrong to hold a grudge if the person who has dealt an inappropriate action has asked for forgiveness.
My sister holds a grudge on my brother who passed away back in 1995 and won't let it go. This is totally wrong in my book
"When it benefits the person that is holding the grudge (if that makes sense). Some people hold grudges as a way to control another person, or manipulate their opinion."
when it's like a kid or something
If the wrongdoing against a person could be put up to making a simple mistake
if someone was just making a joke but you took it really too serious.
if something was an accident or done without intention
"I think it's wrong to hold a grudge when the grudge is over something big/significant. This should be talked out and discussed, not repressed."
"I think blood feuds are plainly illogical, whether in a country that has such a practice, or in more common the Hatfield/McCoy sense."
"Petty circumstances. Small and unintentional situations, especially where the source of the grudge can be fixed. It would be unhealthy to hold a grudge for the sake of being angry."
If you were the party at fault.
"You cut someone off in traffic and they honk, you're at fault and shoudlve been careful."
When the other party has taken responsibility for a wrong or made an attempt to address it in good faith.
When I find it hard to forgive
"I think it's wrong to hold grudges in general, for the sake of the person who is holding onto anger. But I think it's especially wrong to hold a grudge on someone for doing the same things you do to others. i.e. getting angry with friends who never call, but you never call them either."
"When you are in the wrong or upset about something too small to be mad at,"
It is wrong to hold a grudge to be petty after an argument.
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge over something that isn't too significant. For instance, if someone forgets that it is your birthday it is unreasonable to hold a grudge"
when the other person hurt you by accident and apologized
"If someone has to make a decision that benefits themselves and were you in that position you would do the same. For example, someone breaking up with you for a personal reason."
"If someone did something that they didn't know affected you and when they found out that it did, they apologized or tried to make it right."
It's wrong to hold a grudge when the actions performed weren't too harmful
"I think it's wrong to hold a grudge if the toxicity of doing so is impacting you negatively or if the situation you're holding a grudge over is petty or not impactful in the long run. For example, if the grudge is making you feel bitter and brings you or others around you down and is over something small like forgetting a dinner date once, then it's probably not worth it."
if somone admits to a mistake
When someone more deserving advance in career and taking your place.
If someone did something by accident to you
"If someone treats you badly, knows it and they do apologize."
For simple or little annoyances. One that I can recall from my childhood is when my mother was driving me around and she accidentally cut someone off and they began following us. We were able to lose them eventually but it was still a silly grudge to hold.
yard work
If your romantic partner says you look in certain clothes.
It's wrong to hold a grudge in any situation where there are serious implications. I asked someone out on a date a few months ago and after they said yes they canceled at the very last minute and ghosted me. I think it would be wrong to hold a grudge because I don't know what the other person is going through emotionally and personally and I don't want to just write them off as a bad person. It's wrong to hold a grudge when you don't know the whole story and better to be empathetic.
Almost every circumstances.
"Any petty circumstance, e.g., hearing bad gossip about yourself."
It would be wrong to hold a grudge against someone due to a misunderstanding or because of a mistake made on your part that you blame the other person for.
A friend who has accidently hurt you
Basically you should never hold a grudge.
If it is over something petty that really doesnt have a  severe outcome
When someone does something very hurtful bit unknowingly.
When you lose to an opposing team because your goalie made a mistake and lost the game for your team.
"If the issue did not really harm you, the other has apologized, and its time to move on."
If you are living with someone and they don't treat you right then its better to get out of the situation than hold a grudge as it will not serve you.
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge when a very small or petty thing occurs, like when someone gets angry at you or when someone is being stubborn."
When someone wrongs you and sincerely apologizes.
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge against someone for something that they did not consciously do or over something that does not directly impact you. For example, it is inappropriate to hold a grudge against a neighbor because they have nicer things than you--may a boat, nice car, nice grill, etc."
"^See previous answer. It is almost always wrong to hold a grudge. It will only ruin yourself. There will be bad feelings of course, but over time it needs to be addressed and let go."
When someone tells a white lie.
"I don't believe grudges should be held over accidents. An example would be accidentally tripping someone or accidental destruction of property, be it a phone or a lamp. That is not to say there should be no compensation, simply that a grudge should not be held."
When I am wrong. When hiding onto a grudge becomes too stressful. Then it turns into just not caring.
When someone commits a crime and is truly remorseful or just makes a mistake and apologizes for it at a later time.
if someone cuts in front of you while driving
If the offender profusely apologizes and takes consistent visible steps to rectify the issue.
If you have been wronged by accident.
When someone genuinely does something on accident that hurts you and they've tried to rectify their mistake within reason.
"In circumstances regarding family. Unless it's something egregious, there should be nothing you can't overcome."
If the wrong doing is something that lasts a very short time or doesn't cause any real physical or mental pain I no grudge should be held.
its wrong to hold a grudge when somebody is clearly trying to help you but you are not into that
someone borrowed a pencil from me and never returned it.
it would be wrong to hold a grudge if the person is unaware or unknowingly of the cause of the grudge.
i don't know
when someone hurts you unintentionally and they apologize and are truly sorry
If someone makes a mistake that hurts you
when someone has done you wrong but has sincerely apologized and made an effort to make things better
If the person that wronged you did it by accident.
I think it's always wrong to hold a grudge.
When someone makes an honest mistake
"If someone were to do something accidentally, I don't think it would be right to hold a grudge. For instance, if you borrowed a friend's car and accidentally got into an accident, I don't think it would be fair to hold a grudge, especially if you fixed the car."
If someone prank you and it  was harmless.
When someone has to miss an important occasion (for you) because of unforeseen circumstances.
I believe in forgiveness. no circumstance is right to hold grudge for a long time.
I think it would be wrong to hold a grudge if you aren't negatively affected by that person at all.
"It is wrong to hold a grudge when the other person has demonstrated years of emotional growth, and has firmly apologized multiple times."
"If a friend plays a practical joke on you, you'll probably be upset with him, but it would be irrational to hold a grudge against him. Although it all depends on the type of prank."
If someone hurts you on accident and shows remorse.
Something that doesn't really have any big repercussions like forgetting to give back an eraser
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge against someone whom acted in good faith, and did not intend to cause harm or distress, but did so unintentionally."
It is wrong to hold a grudge when someone does a better job than you.
"'- For simple transgressions, such as cutting someone off or not paying back a loan
- For petty meanness, such as basic gossiping or insults"
I think all grudges are wrong.  I believe it is harmful to one's well being to hold a grudge.  I advocate for resolving the issue
It is wrong to hold a grudge when someone you are close to is friends with someone you dislike.
Most times. Ppl should be forgiving
Always. Grudges hurt you. Grudges do not allow you to heal. You will hurt yourself and those around you by holding on to grudges.
When something impacted me due to an error.
if someone tells you about something you are doing wrong and yo stay mad for absolutely no reason.
Misunderstanding with each other.
When someone is awarded a promotion that they deserved more than you.
"If something bad happened to you, but you deserved it."
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge over small things that could be resolved by talking first.  If the action wasn't done with the intent of being malicious or hurtful. For example, if maybe your husband forgot to take out the trash or do the dishes."
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge when it is an assumption or misunderstanding and no attempts were made to talk through the situation.
someone borrowed my game without permission
"I think it's wrong to hold a grudge (for me, anyway) when someone has made apologies and reparations. It's not worth the emotional time and energy to hold grudges, in general, at all for me, and it certainly would not be appropriate in my opinion to do so if the person had made a good faith attempt to fix whatever had gone wrong."
"Situations where the offending party has made amends, apologized, or otherwise paid a debt I do not think it is appropriate to continue to hold a grudge."
"When the purpose of grudge is solely to gain advantage over someone when they have done no act that can actually harm anyone in anyway. An example is a competition where you lose, everyone but yourself accept the result as valid and you think that you should have won even though it would not make any difference that someone else would win but prefer it to be yourself and no one else"
If the person sincerely apologies and tries to make things right. Or if a lot of time has passed.
When someone hurts someone in a way they don't understand and did not intend
When someone offended you unknowingly or has asked for your forgiveness.
"It is wrong to hold a grudge against someone when they do not intend to harm you, they are truly sorry, they attempt to remedy the situation, and they make efforts to change. For instance, if a child spills their drink because they were walking around the living room with it instead of sitting down, they are likely being absentminded as opposed to deliberately making your life difficult. After they show remorse, help you clean the spill, and are extra careful to sit down when they drink in the future, there is no reason to hold a grudge."
When the person who does the harm makes up to the status a reasonable person would agree that they have made up for the harm
"Over petty offenses, like a lie about going to the store."
If someone unintentionally does something to harm you. Like accidently eating the last of your favorite ice cream.
Over something petty or silly. Over a miscommunication.
For a misunderstanding
"I think holding a grudge is fundamentally wrong if it's wrought with anger and frustration. It seems like agreeing to avoid certain people or things can be done without anger and frustration, but i guess that would still be a grudge."
"if your kid is being a goofball
"
"If someone comes and apologizes and explains their actions and is mature about it, I think it's fair to forgive. People make mistakes and life is short, not worth holding onto resentment and hate, if someone is genuinely sorry."
When someone hurts you by accident because they don't know it upsets you.
When someone who has wronged you came and apologized for it to you.
"To hold a grudge is to have and maintain a feeling of anger, bitterness, or resentment toward someone for something."
"When the person unknowingly hurt you. They were not aware that their action could cause you distress and they fully acknowledge their wrong. Your friend isn't good at keeping in contact with you because they tend to have depressive episodes and just sometimes fall off the face of the planet. They're not capable of being a good friend at the time, and this happens a few times a year. You shouldn't hold a grudge over their poor friendship abilities due to their mental health issues."
Sport teams beating the other team and players hold grudges
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge after you're turned down by someone you like. They have the rights to decide who to go out with and if they respectfully say no, there shouldn't be a reason to hold a grudge"
When there is a simple misunderstanding that can be fixed by just being open and listening to other people's sides of situations. I have seen people hold grudges over some of the stupidest things.
A small thing someone did has irritated you
"When someone makes a mistake that directly affects you but is immediately remorseful and apologetic, and does not make the same mistake again."
"It would wrong to hold a grudge when a person offers an opinion that is different from your's, that opinion is up for interpretation and not obviously wrong, yet one of the parties does not get his way and decides to hold a grudge beacuse of this."
Something was an accident and the other party apologized
"I think it's wrong to hold a grudge for the small little things, for example when someone doesn't give back the pen you borrowed."
"When someone unintentionally does something to hurt you/your feelings/isn't aware they hurt your feelings, and they try to apologize and take responsibility for their actions."
"A time where its wrong to hold a grudge would be for an insignificant issue. An example being someone cut in front of you in the line. Of course it's not right, but there is no use in holding a grudge against the person."
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge over stupid things such as someone owing you 30$.
When someone overreacts to an honest mistake or a misunderstanding. Sometimes people can be too quick to cut people out of their lives for the smallest things when the problem itself could be easily resolved.
it is wrong to hold a grudge against an individual
if someone does something harmful but without meaning it
holding a grudge for something beyond control is stupidity
if it is over something like oppinen
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge when a mistake was made it was a one-time accident. For example, if a stranger calls a person she/her but the person identifies as he/him, it is wrong to hold a grudge because the stranger did not know better."
"I'm not really sure. Maybe when someone exhibited the best of intentions but still made a mistake in some way (not sure what this would be) and was incredibly apologetic, it maybe wouldn't make the most sense to hold a grudge, but I don't know if I could say it would be wrong."
"Personally, I feel its always wrong to hold a grudge. one should practice forgiveness"
when someone make joke that reflects to person who feel insulted but it wasn't in that way
NA
If your loved one unintentionally drops your food on the floor.
"It is wrong to hold a grudge for minor circumstances - for things that don't affect you long term. For example, I had friends that over the years hurt me emotionally. While I will not trust them to the extent I once did - I let them back into my life and forgave them. It's not worth it to hold onto that anger."
"It's wrong to hold a grudge if the person has remorse, apologizes, and plans to change their behavior. It's wrong to hold a grudge if holding it does more harm to the holder."
"A late pizza delivery. I think it would be totally fine to be a little annoyed or even angry. But in this situation it's easy to jump to conclusions and maybe blame the delivery person or the pizza establishment, but for all you know they could have genuinely been trying their best and the situation was just out of their control. In that case, it's much better to be understanding than to hold a grudge. If it really was their fault, simply don't order from them again and move on."
Maybe if a friend doesn't want to go out a specific night.
Usually family squabbles. When its easy to get along but both people are hard headed or stubborn.
When someone points out my mistake and I know I was wrong.
If a person says they are sorry for doing you wrong. Then you should not hold a grudge.
Let's say your mom looks after her youngest child more than you. That's the wrong time to hold a grudge.
After you reconciled with someone that offended you
"If someone does something by mistake and apologizes for it, like spilling a drink on someone and apologizing, that is a situation where it is unnecessary to hold a grudge because it is not a big deal."
"FOR A MINOR VIOLATION, WHICH IS NOT SO CRUEL OR BAD, SOMETHING LIKE AN ACCIDENT OR SOMETHING IMPRUDENTIAL"
When someone negatively impacts your plans you had with them even though it was clearly the right thing for them to do personally.
I personally think it is morally wrong
"For small concerns, like a person is late when you are supposed to meet up."
"I think it’s always wrong because holding a grudge only holds you back, not the other person. Someone who hasn’t been hurt will let things go because it’s easy to do so. The person holding the grudge is the one who becomes burdened by it."
"I think it's wrong to hold a grudge if the offending party tries to make things right and ask for forgiveness on numerous occasions, yet the offended continues to hold a grudge. I think this is harmful for the offended as it may create mistrust and affect future relationships with others."
when you don't have a real reason
when someone misunderstanding something
The problem with grudges  besides the  fact that they  are a drag to carry around  we find the soothing kindness  and compassion that the  grudge itself desires.
"When the wrongful act was committed while under the influence, due to mental illness, etc, and that person has since received treatment and is doing well. At that point, you don't necessarily have to forgive and forget, but you can forgive and move on from that situation. You can always have it in mind when trusting the person, if they're still around, but give them the benefit of the doubt unless proven otherwise."
Being jealous for someone success and you had a grudge against the person is not good
It is wrong to hold a grudge if someone offended you but didn't do it willfully.
"I think if you and a friend or loved one are having a fight and they say something hurtful, you should not hold a grudge because it was in the heat of the moment and they may not have actually meant it."
When for no reason one start to feel jealous about someone and as a result hold grudges with the person.
All the time
"When someone takes advantage of you for the fifteenth time, borrowing money you couldn't afford to loan out, you do not have the right to hold a grudge because you are the one to blame."
if the person apoligizes from there heart and you see the person working hard so that never happens agian
It is wrong to hold a grudge when someone fairly beat you in a competition or contest.
and when it don't  happen especially
Over stupid situations and childish things.
I believe I've clearly described my feelings on holding grudges in the above paragraph. But I guess you could say doing so is especially wrong when the targeted person or entity has done nothing to deserve the rancor.
When the situation distracts you from being happy or going about your life. When you have to actively avoid a situation or if the grudge restricts you in any way.
someone has wronged you in some way.
I am all about fairness or want to make sure that I  see my side of things.
lost your cool over something unrelated
when it's for a misunderstanding or a simple resolvable conflict
When you hold it against someone who didn't willfully make a poor judgement.
There was a misunderstanding.
When I am harmed by another when it is not their intention.
if someone hurt your feelings
"In most cases it is wrong, I think people shouldn't hold grudges."
"In an instance where a person really didn't intend to wrong someone, or was very misunderstood."
If the person made a genuine mistake or there was a miscommunication that led to a falling out in the relationship.
when someone makes a simple mistake
If someone unintentionally causes harm.
Somebody did something to you by accident and then apologized.
when the act was unintentional
"If someone were to make an honest mistake, with good intentions that did not have a large or lasting negative impact on quality of life."
Someone didn't take your order correctly at a restaurant.
When you were the person causing the issues
Someone cuts you off in traffic
Something that is small and can be forgiven. It’s not worth holding the grudge against the person because it doesn’t affect your well being.
"Anytime, holding a grudge does more harm to you than it helps. It's best to just distance yourself from the person/situation as much as possible."
Where someone has a minor indiscretion and expresses remorse.
If it's a random night and you were planning to go to dinner with a friend but they need to study for an exam
Petty altercations like if someone stole a piece of gum from you and you over react
If someone’s mad just for no reason
somebody accidentially eats your food
Loved one is arrested for domestic abuse
"I think when someone apologizes to you for a mistake they made, especially a small one, it's wrong to hold any grudges."
If another applicant got hired over you.
Anything minor that does not cause long-term damage. A friend taking the last cookie or snack I wanted is a wrong thing to harbor a grudge for.
If someone couldn't make your party because of an emergency
Somthing silly like talked about you behind your back.
When it is an honest mistake and the other person admits to it and apologizes sincerely.
Over a small or simply inconvenient circumstance
Any situation where communication and empathy could fix the situation.
When someone forgets that they owe you money.
I think it's wrong to keep holding a grudge after the person asks for forgiveness or it has been a long time since the person was wronged.
I truly believe all circumstances are wrong to hold a grudge in.
A situation where the other party is reasonable
"Why is it so easy to hold a grudge? Being hurt by someone, particularly someone you love and trust, can cause anger, sadness and confusion. If you dwell on hurtful events or situations, grudges filled with resentment, vengeance and hostility can take root."
If someone did not intentionally speak to you rudely.
It is wrong to hold a grudge when someone has simply rubbed you the wrong way or you feel their personality is abrasive to yours or when someone has made a genuine attempt to make amends.
"If a person holds a grudge against someone for a minor thing, such as bumping into them on accident."
In all circumstance it is wrong to hold a grudge
When your feelings are hurt because of an outcome.
If there is no harm involved. Or if it involves something extremely small/trivial.
when it was a fair battle and you lost
"For the most part, I think it's wrong.  If some makes a mistake and talks to you about it and apologizes sincerely and doesn't keep doing it, there is no need to hold a grudge."
If you spill someone's drink
Over misunderstandings and biases that have been cleared.
When that grudge is because someone else views aren't the same as yours.
If someone has said something very minuscule to you that hurt your feelings you probably shouldn’t hold a grudge.
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge when someone unknowingly hurts you or someone you care about or if they sincerely apologize and change their behavior.
"When you don't like someone for shallow, superficial reasons."
"Over an issue that is minor, it would be wrong to hold a grudge. Is it just a minor disagreement? Did it hurt or harm you or others? Did it go against your beliefs, moral values, and principles? If not, get over it, say I'm sorry, agree to disagree, and either stay friends or walk away."
when someone did not intend to hurt you
When the mistake occurred as a misunderstanding
When somebody has objectively outworked and outperformed you.
It might be wrong to hold a grudge if the wrongdoing that prompted it wasn't intentional or isn't severe/repeated.
Someone accidentally stole your chair at work.
If the person has a reasonable explanation
If your waiter took longer than expected to bring you your food. That is something that is out of their control.
I think it is wrong to hold a grudge against family members for small differences of opinion.
When you know that you wrong but still want revenge.
Whenever it comes between family or people that you love and enjoy spending time with each other.
"When someone did not actually harm you, or caused moderate harm, but is able to express true regret and makes all effort to never do so again."
"If someone snaps at you after a hard day, when you ask your spouse something and they snap at you."
Over a trivial argument.
"Against an innocent person.
"
When someone hurts you without vicious intent and they show genuine remorse for it.
I believe it is wrong to hold grudges regarding petty issues like arguments about everyday stuff.
"If the other person has apologized and made steps to correct their behavior, then I think it is wrong to hold a grudge."
When you haven't attempted to correct what was wrong between you and the person/people.
"It is wrong to hold a grudge when there are legitimate, alternative ways of assessing some perceived injustice or wrong. In other words, if there was even the possibility that one's anger was due to a misunderstanding, then a grudge should not be held unless there has been a sincere effort to mend the breach between the two parties."
"I think its wrong to hold a grudge when the other party truly thinks what they did wasn't wrong, but they apologize for it anyways."
if someone gets a promotion instead of you.
if something someone did was an accident
If someone accidentally broke your coffee mug and told you about it and apologized a million times.
"If you are holding a grudge simply of jealousy, it may be worthwhile to rethink whether it's appropriate to do so or not."
"when you have been hurt and it was an accident, an unintentional event. bascially the opposite of the situation described earlier where a grudge was justified"
I think it's wrong to hold one for very long. It just upsets you and is bad for your mental health.
Over small things that maybe the other person didn't know they were doing or had no control over.
I think it would be wrong to hold a grudge if someone did something little to bother someone else when they had no idea that what they were doing was disliked by the other person.
It is wrong to hold a grudge when you lose something that is not important like a toy or food
If someone made a truly genuine mistake like they sent your package to the wrong house and you never got it.
If your friend didn't invite you to a ski trip because she knew you didn't like to ski.
I think when someone does something that they are truly sorry for that doesn't include murder then it is fair to not hold a grudge. It's also healthy. You shouldn't hold a grudge when someone is truly sorry and has repented.
"If someone does something for you hoping that it will help, but it ends up harming you. If they sincerely apologize, and their intentions are genuine, there's no reason to hold a grudge."
"When the grudge doesn't have long-lasting repercussions, or the reason for the grudge was so long ago it was forgotten, or if it could be resolved by having a mature discussion, or if recompense was made and agreed upon by both parties"
It is wrong to hold a grudge when someone almost hits you while driving
"If something was done accidentally, I don't think a grudge is warranted. I think intent is something that people need to take into account in these situations. I think if someone hurt someone's feelings but didn't mean it and this isn't a regular occurrence, then it should be forgiven."
"I think it is wrong to hold a grudge against someone when they have mistakenly hurt you, have significantly changed and apologized since hurting you, or there were other factors that played into the reason/cause of them hurting you. An apology is very important in all of these scenarios."
If a friend messes up in a genuinely accidental way
When you have minor issues that can be easily resolved
"someone hitting a trigger,but its an innocent remark"
It is wrong to hold a grudge period.
"When someone received something that you wanted, such as a promotion."
In a situation where a person accidentally harmed you and has asked forgiveness and made restitution.
If it was an accident.
"when someone makes a joke, sometimes it is only a joke, a some peole get mad about that"
"When the other person is genuinely sorry and feels bad for what happened, or when it was an accident"
started issue
Always
All reasons.